i am still waiting on my card?
what can i do if my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks?
i have been waiting over a week. is the card still coming?
can i track my card while it is in the process of delivery?
how do i know if i will get my card, or if it is lost?
when did you send me my new card?
do you have info about the card on delivery?
what do i do if i still have not received my new card?
does the package with my card have tracking?
i ordered my card but it still isn't here
why has my new card still not come?
i still haven't received my card after two weeks, is it lost?
can you track my card for me?
is there a way to track the delivery of my card?
it's been a week since i ordered my card and it's not here. please help?
will i be able to track the card that was sent to me?
i don't have my card in 1 week.  should i be worried?
how do i know when my new card is going to arrive?
my new card has not been delivered to my home yet. what is going on?
it's been a week since you issued me a card and i still didn't get it. should i keep waiting?
on the card that is coming, what's the tracking info?
what is the status of my card's delivery?
have you sent out my card yet?
my card isn't here yet.
where is my new card?
it's been a week since you sent my card and i still don't have it.
how do i track the card you sent me?
when will i recieve my new card?
when will i get my new card?
what is the expected delivery date for my card?
is there a tracking number for the card you sent me?
i would like to track the card you sent to me.
has my card been lost in delivery?
my new card hasn't came in.
where is the card i ordered 2 weeks ago?
can i get an update on my replacement card?
how long does it take for a new card to ship?
what's the tracking on the card you sent?
i haven't received my card and am worried it is lost.
my card still hasn't been delivered
i need to find out where the card is that i ordered.
where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
i ordered my card but it hasn't been delivered yet
am i able to track the card that was just sent to me?
can you tell me why i haven't received my new card?
i'm still waiting for my new card.
is my card lost? i am still waiting for it to be delivered.
should i keep waiting for my card to be delivered?
can i track when my card will be delivered?
how can i check on the status of my new card?
a card has been sent to me, how do i track it?
is there a way i can get my card expedited?
what can i do to track the card you sent me?
why hasnt my card come in yet?
how can i periodically check the delivery of the card you sent?
what's the reason my new card hasn't come?
how long does it take for me to get my new card?
i don't have my card after 1 week. what are my next steps?
i know i'm getting a new card but would like know when i can expect to receive it.
i want to find out what happened to my new card?
was there a way for me to get tracking for that?
i am still waiting for my card.
my card hasn't arrived.
can i track the card you sent to me?
i haven't gotten my new card.
how long should it take for my new card to arrive in them mail? what should i do if i never receive it?
will i have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
how to track the card you sent
2 weeks ago i ordered my new card.  it isn't here.  what should i do?
how can i check on the delivery status of my card?
my card has not been delivered yet and its been a week since i ordered it, please help
what's the expected wait time to recieve my new card?
how can i see the progress of delivery of the card that was sent?
my card was supposed to arrive, but hasn't?
i ordered a card and would like to know how to track the delivery progress of it.
how long will it take for me to get my card?
my card hasn't shown up yet.
does the card you sent have a tracking number?
my card hasn't arrived in the mail yet. i ordered it two weeks ago. what can i do?
maximum how many days get the courier?
is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived yet?
i've been waiting a while for my card, is there a way to know when it will arrive?
how can i track my card's delivery?
can i track the card that was just sent to me?
if i ordered my new card last week, how much longer should i wait to receive it?
what's go on, where is my new card?
where is my new card if i haven't received it yet?
where is my card?
can you tell me why i haven't received my new card yet?
is there a way to track my card?
is there a way to track the new card you sent me?
i'm still waiting for my card.
what do i need to do to get my new card which i have requested 2 weeks ago?
what is the solution of this problem
could i get tracking on the card?
can you help me track my card?
shouldn't my new card be here by now?
is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived?
i would like to track a card sent to me, how do i do that?
is there a tracking number for the card?
can you share card tracking number?
i have not received my card and it's been a week, what do i do?
is there a way i can check on the card on route to me?
when will my new card arrive?
why haven't i received my new card yet?
what is the expected delivery date of my card?
my card hasn't came in the mail yet?
i haven't received my card.
is it possible for me to track the card is was mailed to me?
when will my new card be delivered?
i was issued a card about a week ago. why hasn't it come in yet?
can you please tell me where my card is? i ordered it 2 weeks ago!
i still haven't received my card in the mail
i'm still waiting for my card that was issued a week ago. what should i do?
i still haven't gotten my new card.  when will it get here?
do you have a tracking number for the card i was sent?
how do i track the card you sent to me?
is my new bank card on the way and is there a way to track it?
could you send me and up date on the arrival of my card?
how long does it take to recieve my new card?
my card has not come in the mail yet.
what's the card you sent me's tracking number?
i havent got my card
why hasn't my card arrived yet?
i thought i would have received my new card at this point.
how long until my new card gets here?
how much longer until i get my new card?
am i able to track a card that has already been sent?
is it possible to track the card you sent me?
how long will it be to get this new card?
how can i track card you sent
can the card was sen to me be tracked?
why have i not got my new card?
i need to track the card sent to me.
it's been two weeks and i haven't gotten my card, what do i do?
i was expecting my new card by now.
where is the tracking number for the card?
i was issued a new card a week ago but still haven't received it. how long will it be until i receive it?
can i track the card that you sent me in the mail?
can you tell me if i can track the card you sent me?
why have i not gotten my new card?
i'm still waiting on my new card to be delivered!
my new card isn't here and it was issued a week ago.
i was supposed to receive my new card by now, but it hasn't came in.
is a tracking number available for the card that was just sent?
why haven't i gotten my new card?
was there a number to track that i could get?
how much longer is it going to take to get my new card?
i haven't gotten my credit card in the mail.
my card hasn't arrived yet. what do i do?
my card still hasn't arrived after two weeks, now what?
my card appears to have never arrived?
my card never arrived.
my card has been found. is there any way for me to put it back into the app?
i was able to find my card. how to i go about putting it into my app?
how do i get my card to show in the app?
i just got my card.  it's not linked yet--how do i do that?
lost card found, want to put it back in app
i just got a card, how can i add it to the app?
is there any way to see my card in the app?
if i find a card i lost do i need to dispose of it? or can i re-active the card and continue to use it?
i found my card. how can i put it into my app?
how do i make my card show up in the app?
can you show me where to link the new card?
i found my old card. can i link it back into the app?
show me how to link the new card,
how do i add an existing card to the app?
i finally got my card.  now i want to link it.  is that something you have to do or can i do that?
how do i link one of your card that i already have?
if i have a physical card can i link it?
i found my lost card in my jacket pocket this morning so i'd like to reactivate it please.
can i add a card that i just found (again) to the app?
how can i make my card show up in the app?
i would like to re-activate my card, it was previously reported  lost but i found it this morning.
okay, i found my card, can i put it back in the app?
can i reactivate a card?
i would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that could be done?
i got my card now, how do i make it show up in the app?
how do i link an existing card?
how do i link a new card in the app?
the card i thought was lost was just in my jacket, so can i reactivate it since i found it this morning?
i already have a card and want to link it
can you please reactivate my card?
where do i go to add a new card?
i want my card i just received to show up in the app. how do i do that?
i received my card, how do i get it to show in the app?
if i have a credit card with you how i get set up to link to it?
how do i add my new card?
i want to reactivate my card, i thought i had lost it but found it again this morning.
i need a card reactivation, i had reported my card lost but i ran across it in my jacket.
my card is no longer lost. how do i enter it back into the app?
i want to reactivate my card, i thought i had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
may i reactivate my card? i previously reported it lost, but have now found it safe and sound.
how do i reactivate a card i thought i lost?
help me figure out how to link the new card.
i found my lost card. am i still able to use it?
will i need a new card or can i put my old card back into the app?
is there a way to link the card i just got?
how do i add a new card?
i want to reactivate my card, i found it after thinking it was lost.
can i put my old card back in the app?
i got a new card, how do i link it?
i found the card i thought i lost this morning. can i reactivate this card?
how do i go about linking a new card?
how do i get the card linked
i have one of your cards, but i don't know how to link it.
how do i link an old card?
i received my card. how do i link it to the app?
now that i have my card, how do i connect it to the app?
how do i add the card i just received to show up in the app?
i want to reactivate my card, i thought i had lost it but i found it.
what do i need to do to link my new card for my account?
can i add a card to back into the app?
i want to link my new card. can you help?
what is the process to link the new card?
i found my card, am i able to put it back into the app?
i have found my lost or stolen card, would i still have to activate the new card that was sent to me through the mail in order to access my account?
where can i link a new card?
how do i add a card on to the app?
i found my card in my jacket this morning, so can i reactivate it?
i've obtained the card, how do i enable it on the app?
i need to find the card i received in the app.
how do i get my card on the app?
in the app, how can i make it show the new card that arrived?
how do i link my new card?
can i activate a card in the app?
i want to link to my card card with you, how?
i would like to link my card to my account.
i thought i lost my card so i cancelled it, but recently i found it in my jacket and i would like to re-establish the card.
how can i link the new card?
i got a new card and can't find where to link it.
hey, i have my card, how do i get it to show in the app?
where in the app do i go to make my new card show up?
where do i scan my card?
can i reactivate my card? i reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
can i link my card i previously received?
i want to reactivate my card, i thought i had lost it but found it again in my jacket this morning.
i'd lke my card reactivated, i was thinking it was misplaced but i discovered when i woke up that i had left it in my coat.
you sent me a card and now i want to link it.
how do i add my new card to the app?
can i add a card back to the app?
what if i want to add a card i already have to the app?
i recently reported my card as missing/lost, and i just found it. can i still use it?
could i reactivate my card please, i couldn't find it but it turns out it was in my jacket pocket.
is there a way to link cards if i have one of yours?
if my card was lost or stolen can i re-link it?
how do i link a new card to an existing one?
how do i link a new payment card?
i would like to reactivate my card that i previously reported lost. i located the card this morning.
card has been received, how will it show up on the app?
can i re-link a lost card with the app?
what do i do to link my new card?
is it possible to link a new card?
i deactivated my card but would like to reactivate it.
i found my card that i thought i had lost, i need to reactive it, please help.
can i link a card of yours i already have?
can i put my found card back into the app on my phone?
my card arrived but i need to make it work in the app, how do i do that?
i found the card that i thought i lost, and i would like to reactivate it.
i found my card again. can i put it back into the app?
i need some help linking my new card.
help me link my card
how do i link my card in the app.
how do i get my card into the app?
i found my card! can i link it back into the app?
how do i reactivate my card?
where do i go to get my new card linked?
i thought i lost my card but i found it today, so i would like to reactivate it.
how do i link the new card that i just got from you guys?
how can i add a new card?
can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
is it possible to reactivate the card i thought i lost but found this morning in my jacket?
how do i make my card appear on the app?
how do i link the new card?
where in the app do i link a new card?
how do i add my card to the app once i get it?
can i link your physical card
how do i activate and link my new card?
i got a card, how do i get it in the app?
i received my new card.  where is it in the app?
i found my card, how can i use it again?
i just received a new card, where do i go to link it to my account?
found card, how to put it back in app
how do i see my card in the app?
the card i thought i lost was in my jacket pocket this morning, so can i reactivate that?
i don't see my card anywhere in the app.
i received my card, how do i get it to work in the app?
what do i do if i already had a card with you guys?
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
i have a card that was deactivated can i reactivate it?
my new card isn't in my app, how do i get it in there?
help me access the card i already got so i can information from it.
what is my money worth in other countries?
will my money be of equal value when i travel abroad?
do you know the rate of exchange?
what foreign exchange rate will i get on weekdays and on the weekends?
what is the exchange looking like?
how is the exchange rate doing?
i would like to know how exchange rates are calculated when transferring funds.
i would like to know what exchange rates you use?
if i need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
do you know what your exchange rates are?
how do i know what exchange rate i will get?
what are you exchange rates?
do you have the best exchange rate?
where can i find your exchange rates?
your exchange rates come from where?
i need to know what your exchange rates are.
what's the process for exchanges?
what do you think of the exchange rate?
how are exchange rates calculated at this bank?
what do you use to figure out the exchange rate for the card?
what's the foreign exchange rate i will receive?
i need to know what foreign exchange rate i can get.
what are the current exchange rates?
what exchange rate will i receive?
what is the basis of your exchange rates?
how's the exchange rate?
how do you determine your exchange rates?
how do the foreign exchange rates work?
where are you getting your exchange rates from?
how is the exchange rate calculated?
i'm interested in what your exchange rates are based on.
how do you decide what the exchange rates are?
what is the current exchange rate?
what is the formula for your exchange rate?
what method do you use for the exchange rate?
what are interbanks current exchange rates?
from where are coming your exchange rates?
how do you calculate exchange rates?
why is your exchange rate different on different days?
where can i find the exchange rate for my transfer?
where can i get your exchange rates from?
how do you find the exchange rate?
how are exchange rates determined?
what value can i get for my currency?
please explain your exchange rate policy.
what are your exchange rates calculated from?
what is an exchange rate?
what is your opinion on the exchange rate?
what are the exchange rates you assign?
how do you determine exchange rates?
how are your exchange rates calculated?
how is an exchange rate calculated?
when exchanging, how much are the rates?
what is the exchange rate for eur?
how can i find your exchange rates?
could you please tell me your exchange rates?
is there an exchange rate?
how does the exchange rate work?
what is the present state of the exchange rate?
how are foreign exchange rates determined?
how's the exchange rate looking right now?
please explain the exchange rates.
what is the foreign exchange rate you will apply?
explain the interbank exchange rate
what will my exchange rate be?
how do you get exchange rates
what exchange rates do you use?
how will i know what the exchange rate is?
what factors effect the exchange rate?
where does the exchange rate stand right now?
i'd like to know what the foreign exchange rate will be.
does the exchange rate change?
how do your exchange rates factor in?
will i know which exchange rate i will get?
how do i know what the exchange rate will be when i make an exchange.
is the exchange rate the same on weekends as the weekdays?
how do you do exchanges?
on what do you base your exchange rates?
how do you come up with your exchange rate
what factors determine your exchange rate?
how are the exchange rates determined?
i would like to know what your exchange rates are.
is the exchange rate current?
what are the exchange rates?
how much are the rates of exchange?
how do you decide what your exchange rates are?
your exchange rates are coming from where?
is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer i'm planning on making is pulled from?
how are the exchange rates for transfers calculated?
how do i know how much money i will have when i travel abroad?
how do you do currency exchanges?
can you explain your exchange rates basis?
how did you guys get your exchange rate?
can you tell me your exchange rates?
could you tell me what your exchange rates are?
does this app have the same exchange rate as third parties?
what are your exchange rates at?
how is the current exchange rate?
what is the system for determining the exchange rate?
i am travelling and i was wondering what your exchange rates are
how can i tell what foreign exchange rate i will get?
tell me your opinion on the exchange rate.
i'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
how does the exchange rate work on this app?
where do you find your exchange rates?
i want to know your exchange rates.
what exchange rate is it?
what is the source of your exchange rates?
i need to know about exchange rates
where do you get those exchange rates?
how do you determine the exchange rate?
what foreign exchange rate will i get?
last saturday, i was charged extra for the exchange rate on my payment. is something wrong?
hi, i am disappointed to see such a bad exchange rate and hope you can assist me. would you be able to confirm the official interbank exchange rate for me?
i think the currency exchange that's been applied is wrong.
the exchange rate i was charged for a purchase was not right.
can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item i bought is wrong?
i think something went wrong with my exchange between russian ruble and uk pounds. i was overcharged during the swap.
my payment has an incorrect exchange rate.
my exchange rate looks wrong for my last payment
the exchange rate you are using is bad.this can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
i was charged the wing amount for an item.
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
why is the exchange rate terrible?  that can't be close to the actual interbank rate.
an incorrect exchange rate was applied to an item i bought.
the exchange rate was incorrect for an item i bought.
the exchange rate on my payment doesn't look right
i just saw the exchange rate you use, but it's so bad that i can't believe that it's the official interbank exchange rate! is this truly the official interbank exchange rate?
this exchange rate you use is awful! please tell me this is a mistake and not the official interbank exchange rate!
after purchasing an item i noticed the exchange rate was incorrect.
the amount of exchange was not correct for the item i bought.
the exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
my exchange rate isn't correct.
why was the exchange rate so wrong when i bought something!
my exchange rate was wrong for an item i bought!
i was using a foreign currecy to make a payment and the applied the wrong rate.
the exchange rate was incorrect for this item i bought.
i purchased something overseas and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
the exchange rate is incorrect for my payment.
the item i bought exchanged rate was incorrect.
i'm on holiday and i noticed a different amount for exchange rate.  can you explain?
i bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong
i bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
exchange rate for my card payment is wrong
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
there was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
i recently purchased something, and the exchange rate was wrong.
what if there is an error on the exchange rate?
why is my exchange rate wrong?
please check my payment from last saturday as i feel i have been overcharged on the exchange rate.  thank you.
i used foreign currency to buy something and i think the rate applied is incorrect.
this exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
why is your exchange rate so bad?
the exchange rate looks wrong on a holiday purchase
i purchased something abroad, and the exchange rate that was applied was wrong.
i bought something and i take issue with the exchange rate applied.
i think there has been a mistake on my exchange rate for this purchase.
you did not give me the correct exchange rate for an item that i bought.
i checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad. can you update it?
i seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
in regards to my card payment, the exchange rate is incorrect.
i bough an item and the exchange rate was incorrect.
why did you charge me more for my purchase? it was a foreign currency and you didn't offer market rate
i question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds. i was hoping for a better return.
i feel as though i have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last saturday.
my currency rate is inaccurate.
the currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase i made.
i purchased something abroad and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
your exchange rate was off.  i was charged extra on my payment that i made last saturday.
i was charged the wrong exchange rate on a purchase
can you change the rate for the item i bought in a different currency as it is wrong?
the currency exchange for my purchase in foreign currency is incorrect.
i noticed the currency exchange rate was incorrect after paying for something in a foreign country.
my foreign currency exchange has been applied incorrectly.
why isn't my purchase exchange rate correct?
i noticed that the exchange rate applied to a recent purchase i made abroad was incorrect.
i purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
why is the exchange rate different on my recent purchase?
the fee charged when i changed rubles into british pounds was too much.
i wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item i purchased.
does the fee for exchange change?
the rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
i bought something while traveling, and the exchange rate was wrong.
something is wrong with my exchange rate charge
seems like the exchange rate for my payment last saturday was wrong. i was charged extra.
it seems that something went wrong with my exchange. i changed russian ruble into uk pounds but have been charged entirely too much!
i bought an item then noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
the exchange rate applied is wrong for my international purchase.
my card payment had the wrong exchange rate
they used the wrong rate when i made a purchase with foreign currency.
does the exchange rate change each day for purchases? there is a different rate on my purchase.
it seems that the rate i got is incorrect.
i exchanged russian rubles for british pounds today and got less than i expected. was exchange rate correct?
was i charged more than i should of been for a currency exchange?
what do i do if the exchange rate was wrong for the item i bought overseas?
my client was converting their russian ruble into uk pound currency when they noticed their bill was much too high for the exchange. what happened?
i have been overcharged. i just changed over russian ruble to uk pounds and it was too much. it seems something was wrong with my exchange.
what is your exchange rate between uk pounds and russian rubles for my last transaction
i think there was an error in your exchange rate.
the exchange rate was not correct for the item i bought.
i noticed an extra charge on the purchase that i made last saturday on my account. can you see if i received the correct exchange rate?
my exchange seems to have something wrong with it. i changed over russian ruble to uk pounds and it appears i was charged way more than i was supposed to be.
the correct exchange rate wasn't given to me for an item i purchased.
i bought something in another currency, but the exchange rate was incorrect.
the exchange rate is wrong from something i got in another country
the exchange rate given to me after a purchase, was incorrect
my card payment has the wrong exchange rate
i have been charged way to much so something is apparently wrong with my exchange. i changed russian ruble into uk pounds.
why is the exchange rate different from what i expected?
the exchange rate you are using is really bad.this can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
please check the exchange rate for my payment last saturday. i believe i have been overcharged.
why was i charged extra on my last uk pound to russian ruble exchange?
the wrong exchange rate was used when i purchased an item.
why was the wrong rate applied when i bought something in a different currency?
i bought something abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
an item i bought had the wrong exchange rate applied.
i think the rate that was applied to my purchase using foreign currency is wrong. help!
why was my exchange rate a different amount than usual?
i want to change the wrong exchange rate.
i recently bought something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect. why?
the exchange rate you're using is terrible - this can't be the official interbank exchange rate, can it?
i did not receive the correct amount for the exchange rate.
i guess exchange rate for my payment was not correct, as i charged extra on the last saturday.
the exchange rate for my payment last saturday must be wrong because i was charged extra.
are you sure this is the interbank exchange rate? this rate is really bad.
the exchange rate you are using is really bad. this can't possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
i believe you charged me too much to exchange my money
i changed the currency, but why is it costing more?
why was the exchange wrong for the item i purchased?
i made an international purchase, but the exchange rate was wrong
my purchase used the wrong exchange rate
i have been charged to much for the object i bought when abroad, the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
i made a purchase and was charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
i think that the exchange rate was wrong for the payment made last saturday - i was charged extra.
why is the exchange rate for my payment incorrect?
your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
it looks like the exchange rates on my card payment are wrong
there's an error with the rate that is charged.
i bought an item at the wrong exchange rate.
i think the exchange rate on my card payment is incorrect.
i bought an item that i was charged a different exchange rate for.
i am not receiving the correct exchange rate on my card.
when i purchased a product in another country the currency exchange was incorrect.
the exchange rate used on your app is really bad. i'm considering closing my account because of it.
i think i was charged extra on my payment on last saturday.  maybe the exchange rate was wrong?  i'd like a refund.
i received the wrong exchange rate for an item i bought.
are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  it can't be that atrocious between banks.
i don't think the charges made when i had currency exchanged are right.
why am i being charged the wrong currency exchange when i purchased something abroad?
the exchange rate for my card payment doesn't seem right.
when i bought something abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
i didn't receive the correct exchange rate for an item that i bought.
why is the exchange rate on my card wrong?
i am being charged the wrong amount on my card.
the exchange rate is incorrect on an item i recently purchased in a foreign country.
the exchange rate is incorrect for something i bought
my payment had a wrong exchange rate.
the exchange rate for my electronic payment is incorrect.
why was i charged a higher exchange rate when i bought something abroad?
why didn't i receive the correct exchange rate for an item that i purchased?
why is the exchange rate on my card payment different than i expected?
my rate of exchange was wrong.
i recently bought something in foreign currency and i am unsure of the exchange rate. is this rate applied correctly?
i purchased something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect.
a foreign purchase i made has the incorrect rate applied to it.
when i was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
there's an error in regards to the exchange rate for an item i bought.
last saturday, i made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong.  i was charged too much.
the exchange rate is bad. are you sure this is the exchange rate?
i purchased an item and the exchange rate was wrong
exchange rate on a purchase was incorrect
i'm going on a trip soon and i needed to convert my russian ruble to uk pounds, but when i did, your company charged me above the exchange rate. did you mess up my transaction?
i was charged extra. was the exchange rate for my payment last saturday wrong?
the exchange rate that was applied for an international purchase was wrong.
hello, i believe there has been a mistake made on the exchange rate for my card. could you please check the official interbank exchange rate for me?
why am i being charged more on exchange with things i bought abroad?
i  have been charged more than i should for the presents i bought  when abroad, the problem seems to be the exchange rate.
i made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
why on earth is the exchange rate so bad?   can i get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
why is there an extra fee on my statement?
why did they charge me an extra $1?
why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
why do i see an extra £1 charge on my statement?
i am inquiring about a $1 charge on my statement.
what is the $1 transaction on my account?
what is this extra pound charge for?
i was charged $1 in a transaction.
what is the reason for the extra fee on my statement?
there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement.  i haven't purchased anything for 1£.  why is it on my statement?
have have a small charge on my account from someone i purchased with but i'm not sure what it relates to.
i have a strange transaction for £1 on my statement, what is that?
i have no idea why there is a dollar that has been charged to my account.
i have been charged a pound for something that appears on my statement
why is there a $1 charge on my statement?
where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
is there a reason why there is an extra £1 charge on my account?
can you tell me what this fee is on my statement?
why has another fee been placed on my statement?
there has been a charge pending on my account statement that i can't figue out it's for a dollar.
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee.
why is there an extra charge on my statement.
hey, i got charged extra for some reason when i purchased an app. is this a hidden fee or something? i don't think it's very cool.
i see a $1 charge in a transaction.
i had to pay a pound more than i anticipated!
there is a €1 extra fee in my statement
my statement contained a one pound extra fee
i checked my account today and saw that i was charged an extra pound that i did not spend.
what is the extra €1 on my statement for?
i see i was charged $1 for a transaction.
$1 charge in transaction.
i just looked at my app and it seems i was charged extra, why is that?
why is there an extra pound charge that is pending?
i was wrongfully charged one pound.
why is there an extra fee charged?
i just checked my statement and saw a $1 charge, why is it there?
there is an odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. what's the reason for that? i haven't purchased anything for a pound.
why have i been charged an extra pound?
i think i may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
why do i see an extra €1 charge on my statement?
is the 1 pound charge i can see an error or an incorrect entry?
why did i get a $1 extra fee on the statement?
why was i charged $1 in a transaction?
why is there a service fee on my statement?
my statement shows a 1£ purchase pending. i do not remember making this purchase, please let me know what this is about.
i am seeing and extra 1$ charged to my account and wanted to know about it.
why did you charge me extra?
an extra pound was charged!
i got billed an extra pound!
why do i see an extra fee on my statement?
there must have been a mistake, why was i charged an extra pound?
when i look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
there is an extra small charge on my card! what do i do?
i looked at my statement, and there is a charge for 1£ that i don't recognize.  why is it on there?
i got a €1 extra fee in my statement
what is the extra fee on my statement?
why have i been charged an extra £1?
in my statement, i got a €1 extra fee.
why is there a charge for $1 on my account?
on my statement, there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending. what's causing that? i haven't purchased anything that's just a pound.
what was the $1 fee i got
i see a charge of 1l i do not recognize on my statement
i was overcharged one extra pound!
i noticed an extra pound charge?
i have been charged an extra pound!
why does my statement show a $1 charge on my account?
why has my card been charged an extra pound?
why does my statement have an extra fee?
there is a  €1 fee on my account i didn't authorize
i was made to pay an additional pound!
i was charged an extra pound for no reason. why is that?
it appears i have a fee in my statement.
when did i get a $1 extra fee on my statement?
what is this fee debit on my account?
i was charged an extra dollar on my account and would like to know the reason.
what is this extra €1 fee about?
i was overcharged a pound.
why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
what was the $1 charge for on my statement?
i had a dollar charged to my account that's still pending and wanted to know what the charge is for?
i was charged extra or a hidden fee when i purchased something from you. what's the deal? i didn't authorize that charge.
what am i being charged an extra pound when i haven't bought something worth that much?
why was i charged a small amount
do you also have this extra fee on your statement?
why did i get charged one pound seemingly randomly?
why was i charged an extra pound?
i am being charged a pound out of nowhere. what is this?
a pending charge of 1l appears on my statement.  please explain as i have not made a purchase for that amount
why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
why was i charged more than i should have been?
what is the fee on my statement for?
hello, there seems to be a billing mistake associated with my account.  my app was charged $1 more than it should have.  could you please explain why this may have happened?
why is there a pending hold on one pound on my statement?
i need some help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. it's stays pending and won't go away.
what is this $1 charge on my account?
there is a 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. what is that? i haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
why did a transaction i made charge me $1?
there seems to be an additional charge of £1 on my statement, what is the reason for this?
i still have not received an answer as to why i was charged $1.00 in a transaction?
why does my statement show an extra fee?
there's an extra fee on my statement, why is that?
there is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. what's that about? pretty sure i haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
there is a pending payment on my account that is very strange. i don't remember making this and it won't go away. can you help me figure this out?
can you tell me about why the account i have was charged an extra 1$
why does my statement contain an extra fee?
can you tell me why i was charged $1 for a transaction?
why is there an extra €1 fee in my statement?
there is an extra charge on my account i didn't authorise, it's just £1, what is it?
what is the dollar that i have pending on my statement there?
i see an extra $1  charge on my statement, why is this?
can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
there is an unexplained $1 charge on my statement, can you please explain this to me?
how can i find out about an extra fee on my statement?
hello, i see that i have been charged an extra $1 on my app.  could you please provide me with a reason for this charge?
in my statement, there was an extra €1 fee
is there a reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
what is this extra fee on my statement.
what does the €1 fee mean?
there's a €1 fee on my statement, why?
why was i charged an additional $1?
i checked my statement and am being charged one pound. where did this charge come from?
i do not know why i was charged for the $1 transaction.
i wanted to know about a pending dollar that is on my statement.
i'm pretty frustrated about a pound charge that keeps  showing up in my account statement. it's listed in the app as "pending", it never changes, and now i'm thinking someone's hacked my account!
how come there is a $1 extra charge on my statement?
i was charged an extra pound.
there is a charge for an additional pound.
there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. what's the cause for that? i haven't purchased anything for a pound.
i need to know what these extra charges are on my statement?
how come there is an extra fee on my statement?
why is there an extra charge of 1 dollar on my statement?
i checked my statement and saw a charge of one pound, where is this charge coming from?
i don't understand why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement.
why was i charged extra on my app?
why was my account assessed a fee?
there is an extra 1£ charge on my app. why did you charge me extra?
why i'm i being charged an extra pound
the $1.00 has still not been reverted as indicated in the previous email.
my statement shows and extra 1$ that was charged to it and i would like to know why.
there is an extra $1 charge on my statement, why is that?
is the 1 pound charge going to be reimbursed on my card?
i  see an extra 1£ charge on my app. why did it charge me extra?
why is there a fee added to my statement?
why would there be an extra charge on my app?
there is a charge for 1£ on my statement.  i do not think that i bought anything that costed 1£.  what is going on?
why does my transaction have an added fee?
there is  an extra 1£ charge on my app. why did it charge me extra?
why is there an additional fee showing on the statement i received?
how come i was charged a transaction of $1?
please explain the charge of 1l in error.  i have purchased nothing in this amount.
where did the  €1 fee in my statement come from
what is this random charge of one pound doing on my account?
i had to pay one pound more than the set price!
my statement is showing an extra £1 charge and i am unsure why. is there an explanation for this?
do i have a $1 extra fee on the statement?
why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
i do not understand why there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement, i do not recall making this transaction. can you please tell me what this is about?
my statement shows an extra fee - what is it?
what is this €1 charge?
how long will the $1 charge show as pending?
i've been charged an extra £1 and i don't know what it's for
i was overcharged an additional pound.
i've been charged an extra £1 and i don't know why
my statement is showing i was charged a dollar and i am not sure why.
why is there a €1 charge on my statement?
an extra fee of €1 was in my statement
i would like to know why a withdraw i made for some cash shows up as pending.
why is my cash withdrawal still showing as pending?
i have the cash already, my account still shows up as pending.  how can my account be still pending?
i tried to get cash out of the atm but it is taking too long
why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
what does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
hello, i have a pending transaction in my account due to an atm machine that wasn't working. in any case if the transaction goes through, after how long can i get my money back?
why is my atm withdrawal still pending?
is the cash withdrawal going to show?
cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it so?
my account shows up as pending after i received cash from the atm earlier.  how can this be still pending? i've got the cash already.
how long does it take to verify a cash withdraw?
the transaction for the cash i pulled out of the atm earlier is pending in the app, but how if i already have the cash?
why has my withdrawal not posted?
when i used one of the atms in the city centre today, i tried to take out some money, but for whatever reason, the machine declined my card. just checked it out in my account and that amount is still showing as pending! is there any way that you can cancel this transaction, because i did not receive any money whatsoever from the atm
why is the cash withdraw i made shown as pending?
hello. i looked at my account and see that a transaction i tried to do is pending, but i did not complete that transaction. when i was at the atm, the machine declined my card. can you make sure that transaction does not go through because i definitely did not receive the money.
should my cash withdrawal still be pending?
hey, i tried to withdraw some cash earlier and it's saying it's pending? will i be charged for this?
there should be a cash withdrawal that i haven't seen yet.
why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdraw that has already been done?
why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
if my cash withdrawal is still not showing, is something wrong?
i noticed on my online statement that an atm withdrawal i made early is still pending.  is this accurate?
i made a cash withdrawal at an atm but it still says pending in my account.
i tried to get cash at some atm in the city centre earlier but the machine declined my card. i've seen it still shows up as pending in my account. please cancel it immediately as i definitely have not received that money!
why hasn't my withdrawal shown on my statement?
i have withdrawn cash from the atm but it is showing in my account as a pending transation. why is this?
i made a cash withdrawal earlier and it's showing as pending.  what does that mean?
i tried to withdraw cash at an atm in the city center but my card was declined. the transaction is still showing up as pending - please cancel it!
how long does it take for a cash withdrawal to show?
i tried to access money earlier but the machine seems not to be working. after looking, the transaction actually shows to still being process. can you find out what is going on here? i don't want to be charged for some money i never got.
why is my cash withdrawal pending?
i withdrew cash but it still shows as pending?
hi there, earlier today i tried to take money out of an atm machine, and something wasn't working.  i didn't actually receive the money, but i just checked and it says that the transaction is still pending.  can you tell me what's going on here? am i still being charged for the withdrawal even though i didn't end up getting any money?
i got some cash in the atm but its still pending
so much time has gone by, the pending status shouldn't still be there shouldn't it?
do you know when the withdrawal will show?
how long will my cash withdrawal take
why do i still have a pending cash withdrawal?
i have a withdrawal waiting to go through.
how long does it take for a pending cash withdrawal?
i took out some cash from the atm but it is still showing the transaction is pending.
how are cash withdrawals pending?
i went to an atm to get cash, but the app says the withdrawal is still pending. how is that possible when i already have the cash with me?
my cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
what does pending mean on a cash withdrawal?
i'm expecting to see a cash withdrawal but i'm still waiting.
so earlier i went to an atm and got cash. but when i checked the app, it states that the withdrawal is pending. how can that be when i have the cash on me?
how long does it take for cash withdrawals to hit my account?
can you explain to me why a cash withdrawal shows up as pending?
the machine didn't work earlier when i went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.why?
i got cash from an atm earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. how can this still be pending, i already received the cash?
i made a deposit in the atm and it has not cleared
withdrawal pending meaning?
what does it mean to have a pending cash withdrawal?
i tried to get some money but the machine was not working .the transaction still seems in progress! can you please check what's going on.i don't want to be charged for money that i did not received.
my account says there are pending funds right now from withdrawing from an atm, but my card was declined and i never took out any money. when will that money be deposited back into my account?
how long before i can see that my cash withdrawal has taken place?
my cash withdrawal shows pending, why?
my account says i have money but i withdrew it in cash.
how do i get my cash withdrawal to show?
i didn't receive my money earlier and it says the transaction is still in progress. can you fix it?
hello. i have a transaction in my account listed as pending. i tried to use an atm at the city centre, but the machine declined my card, and i did not receive the money. why is the transaction still pending if i did not receive the money.
how long does it typically take for a pending atm withdrawal to clear?
my cash withdrawal shows as pending still.
i withdrew cash and dont see it reflected on the balance
when will my cash withdrawal show/
hello, i'm having trouble with my card, i don't understand what's happening, i tried using the atm machine earlier but it wasn't working but seems like the transactions is still in progress, can you cancel it for me?
looking at my account i've noticed a charge that appears to still be in progress. i had attempted to get money out of the machine earlier but the machine seemed to have been broken. i never received my money so will you please look into this for me? i don't want to be charged for money i never actually received.
what is a pending cash withdrawal?
when will a cash withdrawal show up?
hi, i tried to withdraw some money from an atm and the machine was broken.  it says that the transaction is still in progress.  can you double check to see what's happening? i don't want to be charged since i was not able to withdraw the money.
my atm withdrawal is taking forever
what does it mean when a cash withdrawal is pending?
how long will my cash withdrawal be pending for?
why is my withdrawl to cash still pending?
why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
there is a pending transaction on my account for when i tried to get money from the atm earlier and it did not work. can you fix this?
the cash i got at the atm is still in my account.
how long will it take for my cash withdrawal to stop pending
i'm concerned because my cash withdrawal is pending.
what is the reason my cash withdrawal is still pending?
how long will it take for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
how long until i see a cash withdrawal?
my cash out is still pending
why does it still charge me even though i was unable to withdraw money from the atm?
what does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending?
why is a transaction still pending?
i am not seeing recent cash withdrawal on my account.
what does a pending cash withdrawal mean?
i tried to get some with-drawls but the machine didn't work. the transaction still seems in progress.seems like  something is wrong,i don't want to be charged for transaction i did not make.
how long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
if i have already completed a cash withdrawal at an atm, is it normal for it to show as a pending transaction on the app?
why does a cash withdrawal show as pending?
why would a cash withdrawal still be pending?
explain pending transactions.
how is my atm deposit not available yet?
my cash withdrawal is showing as pending, why?
i withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
can you let me know why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
i made a cash withdrawal and it is still listed as a pending transaction.
my cash withdrawal is pending, why?
hae there, i have a transaction that is in progress despite the fact that the atm was not working, what do i do to avoid being charged?
i've been waiting for 3 days, why is my withdrawal still pending?
i removed cash from an atm earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. how can this still be pending, i already received the cash?
how long will my atm withdrawal be pending?
is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
its been several days and my cash withdrawal is still pending. why?
my account says a withdrawal is pending - why can't i take cash out of the atm?
i tried to take out some money from an atm earlier today and it was declined. looking on my screen now, i still see that it's pending for that amount. i didn't actually get that money, so i don't want it processed on my account.
my cash withdrawal says pending, why?
why is my cash still pending that i put in atm?
in my account i noticed my atm withdrawal is still pending
please cancel the latest atm charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and i did not receive that cash.
my withdrawal is pending, why?
why does my account show as pending a cash withdrawal from the atm that i have already made?
i have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
i took out money from the atm and it's still showing as pending?
why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
why is the cash transaction still showing as not completed?
why is my withdrawal from the atm still showing as pending?
the cash i deposited using the atm is still pending
i tried to withdraw money, but was unable to. still says that the transaction is pending? will this money disappear??
there is a withdrawal waiting.
can you please tell me why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
my atm withdraw is stillpending
i withdrew cash from an atm earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. how can this still be pending, i received the cash already?
hello, i tried to take some cash out of the atm but i looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. is the machine broken? will i receive my money back or will i be charged for this?
i made a cash withdraw and it shows up as pending why is that?
my last atm request did not go through due to a declined card. please cancel the request on my account.
what should i do if i see a withdrawal is pending?
my balance is not what i thought it was following an atm withdrawal
i tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it did not work.looking now, the transaction actually shows to still be in progress. i would certainly appreciate someone look into this and let me know what's going on. i definitely do not want to be charged for money i never received.
hello, i tried to take out some money out of the atm, but it's still showing that it's pending? i really don't want to be charged for this.
how long until a cash withdrawal will show on my account
when will the cash that i put in the atm be cleared from pending status?
my card was declined and i did not receive money from the atm earlier, yet it show on my account that it is pending.
i pulled cash from the atm earlier. why is it still pending if i already have the cash?
my cash withdrawal has not come out of my account yet.
i needed cash today, so i used another provider's atm, and when i attempted to withdraw, it declined. i just checked it out and i'm still showing my account with that amount pending! i didn't take any money out, it was declined, so i don't want that to be processed as a withdrawal.
why has my deposit in the atm not cleared yet?
why isnt my cash withdrawal showing
how many different currencies can i hold money in?
do you allow currency exchanges?
how many currencies can i have money in in my account?
is the eur accepted for exchanges?
is it okay to hold money in multiple currencies?
can i have money in more than one currency in my account?
what currencies can i have?
what currencies can my account be in?
how many currencies can i have?
are eur exchanges allowed?
i want to have multiple currencies in my account if possible.
do you convert to euro?
what fiat currencies can i use for holding and exchanging?
can exchanged be made to eur?
i need to know what flat currencies you support for holding and exchange.
do you support other currencies?
can you convert to eur?
what are the fiat currencies used?
what currencies can i not hold many in, if so what are they?
how many different currencies can i have my money in?
which fiat currencies are supported by you?
what currencies do you offer?
are there any fiat currencies that you will not work with?
i wondered if multiple currencies is okay?
are all fiat currencies supported?
can you tell me the names of the fiat currencies that i can use at your institution?
can i change or hold different currency?
which flat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
what other fiat currencies can i use?
what fiat currencies do you allow exchange with?
are all european currencies available for holding and exchange?
can you tell me how many currencies i can hold?
what types of foreign money can be used with this service.?
am i allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
what fiat currencies do you support?
i need to hold money, what currencies can i use?
can you do exchanges of eur?
what are all the fiat currencies that are supported for both exchange and holding?
what currencies can i hold?
what currencies do you accept?
are there limitations to what currency i can hold?
what types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
can i hold more than one currency?
what fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
can i have multiple currencies in my account?
i need to know which fiat currencies i can use with you.
how can i solve my issue with holding multiple currencies?
what currencies do you support?
do you support fiat currencies?
can my account have different types of currency in it.
what kind of money can i hold?
will you be able to exchange to eur?
is my country's currency supported by your system?
what flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
what kind of fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
can you make exchanges with the eur?
is eur one of the currencies you deal with?
are eur exchanges acceptable?
what currencies can i exchange?
what fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
will you be adding more currencies in the future?
how can i hold and exchange fiat currencies?
what currencies are available for my use in holding and exchange?
i would like for someone to tell me which fiat currencies that your company supports.
which currencies are allowed?
i'm interested in using fiat currencies, which do you support?
how do i go forth on holding money in multiple currencies?
which currencies will you exchange?
i need a list of currencies you accept for exchange.
what type of fiat currencies do you support?
what currencies are supported?
please tell me which fiat currencies you support.
do you offer services that hold money in different types of currency?
what currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
what fiat money can i used in the exchange and holding?
what fiat currencies are used for exchange?
do you provide currency exchange to euros?
what country's money can i hold currency in?
what other currencies can i hang onto?
i'm interested in holding and exchange for flat currencies, what do you support?
do you have a problem with eur exchanges?
can i exchange currency to europe?
what are eligible holding and exchange currencies?
in the exchange and holding, what fiat is allowed?
how can i exchange to eur?
do you allow exchanges of eur?
are you able to make exchanges to eur?
does my account have the option to hold multiple currencies?
which fiat currencies can i use through this app?
do you hold money and if so, what currencies do you accept?
please tell me the types of currency i can hold.
can i have multiple currencies?
will you work with any fiat currencies?
which flat currencies can i use from you?
what fiat currencies are used for holdings?
which fiat currencies do you currently support? will this change in this future?
can you make exchanges using the eur?
is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
tell me the currencies that you support.
are multiple currencies acceptable?
do you deal with eur?
i heard that you support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
which fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
what fiat currencies are supported?
what are my options for holding money in multiple currencies?
what flat currencies do you use for holding and exchanges.
i want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can i use to do so?
do you have eur currency available for me?
if i was travelling abroad, would i be able to hold currencies in euros?
which fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
is my fiat currency supported for both hold and exchange?
i need to know which flat currencies are supported by you.
please list what fiat currencies are supported for both holding and exchanging.
do you have support for flat currencies?
i would like to know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization.
can you change my currency to eur?
are you okay with exchanges to eur?
can i exchange my money for eur?
can i have money of different country of origin.
what are the currency types that i can keep money in.
i need assistance with understanding which fiat currencies that you support.
could you tell me the fiat currencies that you work with?
which fiat currencies are supported?
which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
can you tell me if i can hold money in several currencies?
can it specifically be delivered on a certain date?
i need to get my card quickly
when can i expect my card? i live in the us.
help! when will the card arrive at my home?
can i get my card fast tracked?
how long is the wait for my card?
i need to expedite my card
when should i expect to receive my card?
how long until my card will get here?
how long is the delivery time to the us?
can i have it delivered on a specific date?
i am express delivering my card to the us, how long will that take
i need my card soon.
can i choose when my card is delivered?
when will my card be here?
how long will delivery to the us take?
when can i expect delivery?
can i specify a day for my card to be delivered?
i'm worried my card might be lost in the mail? how long does it usually take to arrive?
when will my card be delivered?
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
how long does delivery take?
to deliver to the us, how long will it take?
how quickly can you get me my card?
can i choose delivery times to suite me?
can i choose the day it's delivered?
how long will this take to get to me?
when shipped to the us how long is delivery time?
give me my card, i need it now!
i'd like to have it delivered on saturday.  is that possible?
how long will i have to wait for my new card?
how long is a delivery to the us?
what is the delivery time to the us?
how long does it take for deliver to the us?
if i order a card when does it arrive?
when can i expect my card?
how long is delivery to the us?
what is your shipping policies for cards?
i ordered my card and it isn't here yet. i need it asap. when can i expect to get it?
how long should i expect to wait for my card to arrive?
when will my card come? i need it as soon as possible!
how long should i wait for the card to arrive?
what is the wait time for delivery to the us?
can you tell me when my card will arrive?
when can i expect my card to arrive?
can i have it delivered on the date i need it delivered?
what is the length of time for one of these items to come to the u.s?
how long will it take to have my card mailed to me?
can cards be dispatched on a specific date?
can i have it by a certain date?
i need my card as quick as possible
how long will it take my card to get here?
is there a specific date it can be delivered by?
i need my card to be delivered fast
is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
how long will it take to deliver to the us?
i need my card asap!
how long will it take to get to the us?
how soon will i get my card?
what is the estimated date for delivery to us?
how long does it take for the card to come?
when will i receive the card?
when should i expect my card to arrive?
can i pay more to get it deliver quicker?
how long is the delivery to the us?
send me my card now! asap
i haven't received my card yet, how long does it normally take?
how long is us delivery?
can you express my card to me?
when will it get delivered?
how soon will my card arrive?
i ordered my card a couple weeks ago and haven't received it yet. when can i expect it?
how long does it take for cards to be delivered after ordering them?
if i need delivery on a certain day, is that something that could be accommodated?
how much to get my card in 2 days?
when are cards shipped?
my card is needed soon
what is the delivery time for us?
i placed my order a week ago. is it ok that my card isn't here yet?
how soon do cards arrive after i order them?
how will i get my card?
how long does it take to receive my card?
how long until the card arrives?
can i have my card delivered on tuesday?
can you tell me how long it takes for a new card to come?
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
i need my card right away.
can i choose a specific delivery date?
when will i get my card shipped to me?
do i have a say when it's delivered?
i need my card delivered as soon as possible.
i would like to make sure it is delivered on a certain date.
when will i receive my card?
could i chose the date to have it delivered?
how long does it take for a card to arrive?
will my card be here soon?
please send my card as quickly as possible.
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
when can i expect to receive my card?
are the delivery days flexible?  my schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates.
how many days to deliver to a us customer?
when can i expect my new card to get here?
how long are deliveries to the us?
can it be delivered on a certain date?
what is delivery speed to the united states?
how long does it take for something to be delivered to the u.s?
how long does it take for my physical card to be delivered.
what is the leadtime for a new card to show up in the mail?
what's the earliest time to receive my card?
are you sending me my card?
i need my card immediately.
when will it be delivered to the us?
can i add money automatically to my account while traveling?
i need help finding the auto top up option.
what are the maximum amount you can do for auto top-up?
i can't find the auto-top up option.
does the auto top-up have any limits?
when do i activate auto top-up?
can i have money transferred into my account at different intervals along my trip?
i going to be traveling, can i set up auto top-up if i run low on money?
is there an automatic top up feature?
can i have my account add money automatically in certain intervals?
is there a daily auto top-up limit?
how do i access the option to top up?
i will be traveling.  can i add money automatically?
how low does the balance have to be before the system updates?
is there a auto top-up option?
how do i set up auto top-up?
if there isn't much money left over, will it top-up automatically?
do i need to set a limit on auto top-up?
can you top up your account automatically
can i add money to my card automatically during a trip?
is an auto top-up option available?
can i auto top if i'm low on funds?
tell me where i can find the auto top up feature and a little bit about it please.
how do i start auto top up?
i am inquiring about your auto top up feature.
can i set up an auto top-up?
are there any limit on the auto top-up?
is it possible to do auto top up?
is there a way to do automatic top up
i would like to top up my account automatically. how do i do that?
i want to set up an auto top-up
if i don't have much money in the account can i auto top-up?
can i schedule future top ups?
can i set automatic top ups?
i need to know the if there is a limit on the amount for auto top-up.
can i set up to my account to automatically top up?
does the app top up automatically?
if there isn't a lot of money left, will it automatically top-up money?
in what increments can i top-up my card?
does auto top-up have a limit?
if i am running low on credit can i auto top up?
is there an auto top up feature?
is there such thing as an auto top-up option?
how can i use thereto-top option?
when i travel can it top up automatically
is there an auto top up option?
where do i find the auto top- up?
how can i add money automatically?
where can i located the auto-top up option?
i'm going to travel, can i have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
i will be traveling and want money to be added automatically in certain intervals. is this possible?
do i have to manually top up once i'm too low?
how will i know when i can use the auto top-up feature?
what are the auto-top up policies?
can i auto-top up?  how do i do it?
how do i get refills to my card when i'm traveling?
what is the limit on auto top?
how do i auto top-up?
can it add money automatically while travelling
is auto top up a provided service?
when the time is right will this automatically replenish my balance?
will money be added automatically when necessary?
can i automatically top-up when traveling?
what is the maximum for auto top-up?
is there a way to top-up when it reaches a certain balance?
can i set the account to auto top-up?
are there any hidden limit on the auto top-up?
i am traveling, what can i do to set up auto top-up?
what are my options for topping up, automatic and/or manual?
when i travel, can it automatically add money in certain intervals?
is auto top up available?
i want to auto top-up.
when i'm traveling is it possible to add money automatically at certain time points?
do you offer auto top ups?
is there a limit on auto top-up?
i'm trying to activate the auto-top up function. where is it?
what's the limit for auto top-up?
how do i top-up automatically?
how do i access the auto top-up option?
where can i find the auto-top up feature?
if my funds are running low, will the app top up automatically?
can i set it up to add money every few days automatically while i am traveling?
i want to add money automatically when i travel.
is there a function where i can top-up automatically?
can i use an auto top-up option?
can topping up be automatic?
can i auto top up multiple times?
i want to use auto top-up. is there a limit?
do you have an option for auto top up?
how do i activate auto top-up when traveling?
where can i find the auto-top option?
what is the maximum times i can auto top-up?
how many times can i auto top-up?
what are the auto top-up policies?
what, if any, is the limit  for auto top-up?
if my account is low in funds, can i set an auto top-up?
will the system automatically top up itself?
can i get an auto top-up?
where do i find the auto top up option?
what are the restrictions on auto top-up?
how can i setup automatic top-up?
can it automatically top up my account?
can i top-up automatically?
i heard you have an auto-top up option, where do i find that?
where do i access the auto top-up function?
what about a auto top-up?
how can i get it to add money automatically while travelling
what about an auto top-up, is that a option?
can i setup top ups in advance?
where can i located the auto top up function?
is there a way to set up an auto top-up?
i have a trip coming up and want to add money automatically.
where can i find the auto-top up option?
can it add money every so often automatically while i travel?
will the system automatically update once there is no more money left?
when traveling, is it possible for it to add money at specific time intervals?
how do i top-up while traveling?
auto-top up option can be found where?
do i have to manually top-up my account each time or will it do it on its own?
can i auto top-up as much as i want?
can i add money in intervals to my account?  i will be traveling.
is there a limit to auto top?
my funds are low, can i auto top up?
i know there's an auto-top option but i can not locate it when i look?
is it possible to top-up automatically?
what is the auto top-up limit?
do you have an auto-top function and how do i use it if so?
i can't use my card because it is not working.
i can't seem to be able to use my card
my card isn't working at all, i need assistance. it's really frustrating.
can you tell me what the problem with my card is? it was declined at a restaurant today.
how do i fix a broken card?
my card was working but now it doesn't.
i cannot seem to use my card.
i think my card is broke it's not working anymore
i have not been able to use this card.
what do i do if i accidentally broke my card?
how come my card doesn't work anymore?
for a week now, i have tried to use my card and it is still not working.
my actual card isn't functioning.
i can't get the card itself to work.
what should i do if my card doesn't work?
why won't my card work.
my card will not work
my card is not working.
how long the card validity
my card seems to not be working at all.
my card gets rejected when i try to use it
i am unable to use my card for some reason.
why can't i use my card?
i think my card is broke?
what do i do?  my card is broken.
my netflix subscription says that there is an issue with my card information, but i thought everything was fine. why would it be declined?
my card was declined at a restaurant today and i don't know what the problem is.
what is the reason for that
my card is not working when i try to use it.
how do i check security settings on my card?
my card isn't working at all. what happened?
today i was out eating and my card was declined. why's that?
what are ways to test why my card might not be working?
currently my card is broken.
my card won't work at all for anything.
how do i fix my card if it is broken?
why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
i tried using my card, but it doesn't work.
my card hasn't been working for even small transactions today.
what do i do if the machine rejects my card?
something's wrong my card won't work.
i tried to use my card today in the restaurant but it didn't work and just got declined. what's wrong?
suddenly, my card won't work.
my card hasn't been working when i try to use it.
my physical card is not working

i can't seem to be able to use my card



why is my physical card not working?
help.  my card is broken.
i am unable to use my card.
no transactions are being accepted, what's wrong with my card?
is my card frozen?
my card was declined at a restaurant today and i am not sure why.
what do i do now that i can't use this card?
my card doesn't seem to work anymore
out of the blue, my card stopped working.
i can't seem to use my card. can you help?
how do i re-order a damaged card?
why is my card not working anymore?
i can't use my card for anything
what's wrong with my card? the clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
what should i do if i can't use my card?
can i use app to reset pin attempts?
please help.  the card won't work.
i wasn't able to use my card today when i went out for lunch. wondering why that is?
my card doesn't seem to work.
currently i can't get my card to work.
what is the main reason of this problem
how do i get my card to work?
what can i do to make my physical card work?
can you tell me why i can't make any transactions?
there is something wrong with my card. tried to use it a few times today in different places and it just didn't work. the transactions i tried to make were really small so not sure what's going on
can you tell me whats going on with my card it seems to be not working?
how do i check security settings using the app?
i tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
can you help me with my card, i think it's broke.
the card is non-functional.
i haven't been able to complete any transactions on my card today. do you know what's wrong?
today i used my card at a restaurant and it was declined. why?
did you deactivate my card it's not working anymore
need help to get my card to work.
why isn't my card working anymore?
why won't my card work anymore?
why won't the machine accept my card anymore?
when i was in a restaurant today my card was declined and payment wouldn't go through and i need help. can you fix this?
what to do if my physical card is not working?
my card stopped working after multiple transactions. why?
why won't my card accept any transactions?
i think my card is broken or something. i tried using it and it wouldn't go through, please help.
my card is broken
i tried to purchase airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working. is there something going on with my account?
my card no longer works.
i seem to be unable to make any transactions.
i can't get my actual card to work
my card doesn't work when i use it.
what do i do if my card gets broken?
i am having problems with my physical card.
how can i get my card to work?
i need help with understanding why my card is not working.
please help me!  my physical card isn't working right.
my card stopped working. how do i check if there is a freeze on it?
i don't know what's wrong with my card, but it has not worked at multiple places today.
i need clarity on why my card is not working.
my card won't physically work.
what's going on? my card wont accept any transactions.
my card don't work.
my card won't work right now.
how can it be that my card is not functioning anymore?
what's going on with my card? i've tried multiple times and it never goes through.
how long to take the time to solve
what do i do if my card is not working?
what should i do if my physical card isn't working?
the card that i have isn't working. this is the physical card.
can i change from aud to gbp?
i need to exchange between different currencies, like gbp and usd. can i do that with your app?
how can i change to another currency?
does the app allowing exchanges between usd and gbp
what if i need to use gbp instead of usd?
i am from x but am traveling to y - how do i get currency for y?
is it possible to change from aud to gbp?
can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
how can i change usd to gbp?
what currencies can be exchanged in the app?
can i add a new currency to my account?
how can i exchange aud for gbp?
can i possibly change my currency to another?
i would like to exchange currencies on the app. how do i do this?
what do i do to exchange currency?
is it possible to exchange currencies?
can turn my money into another currency?
i would like to change to a different currency.
how can i change currency type?
i do not need gbp, i need aud, how do i convert it?
instead of gbp, how do i exchange for aud?
is currency exchange possible?
using your app, would i be able to exchange between usd and gbp?
can i use this app for both usd and gbp?
i am trying to find out how to exchange currency x with currency y.
does your app allow currency exchanges between usd and gbp?
with this app, will i be able to exchange currency?
how do i change my currency to another?
how do i exchange currencies using the app?
does this app allow currencies to be exchanged?
can i exchange usd for gbp in your app?
is it possible to exchange currencies using the app?
how do i exchange currencies using this app?
i want to exchange usd and gbp with the app
how do i change my aud into gbp?
how can i convert currencies?
can i use your app to exchange between usd and gbp
i need to get some euros for my holiday. am i able to exchange some of my money?
can currencies be exchanged on this app?
how do i change to a different currency?
is exchanging currencies a feature of the app?
where can i get my currencies exchanged?
is exchanging currencies one of your app services?
can i convert currency with the app?
i might need to exchange between usd and gbp, is this possible with your app?
i need to exchange my gbp to aud, how would i do this?
do you support changing the currency i use?
can i convert money into different currencies?
where can i exchange between gbp and usd
how to exchange my currency
how do i use the app to exchange currencies?
i no longer need aud, i need gbp instead, how can i make this happen?
i am trying to exchange aud for gbp, how do i do that?
how do i exchange usd to gbp?
is there a way to make my money usable in another country?
how do i exchange aud for gbp?
can i use this app to exchange currencies?
how can i exchange currencies using your app?
how do i go about exchanging currencies with this app?
can i exchange from usd to gbp?
does your app allow currency exchange from usd to gbp?
what currences are available for exchange?
is this app capable of exchanging currencies?
is it possible to change from usd to gbp with your app?
if i need to make an exchange from usd to gbp, how can i do so in the app?
can i use this app to exchange between dollars and pounds?
will this app allow me to exchange currencies?
is it possible to exchange usd and gbp on the app?
i may need to exchange my usd for gbp, can your app do that?
how do i exchange currencies with this
i need australian dollars instead of uk currency.
i'm having difficulties changing aud for gbp. how do i do this?
can i exchange currencies with the app?
will you tell me how to exchange usd for gbp in the app?
how do you exchange currencies
how can i exchange currencies with this app?
how can i exchange gbp for aud?
can i exchange currency for different types?
does this app exchange currencies?
is it possible to exchange currencies on the app?
what's the process of changing from gbp to aud?
how do i switch to a different currency?
what's the procedure with currency exchange?
how to i switch my money for the money used in another country?
will it be possible to change from usd to gbp with this app?
i would like to change currency
how do i make a currency exchange?
i can't figure out how to change gbp to aud, what do i do?
i accidentally chose to exchange gbp, but i need to pick aud. how can i change it?
how can i exchange usd and gbp in the app?
how can i exchange currencies in the app?
i need to exchange a currency - can i do that here?
how can i change the currency i'm exchanging from aud to gbp?
what do i need to do to exchange my money?
i would like to exchange currencies, how do i go upon it?
what different currencies can i get?
i would like to exchange currency  what types are there?
how to exchange currencies
can i use your app to exchange usd for gbp?
can this convert money?
can you  tell me how to get aud not gbp?
how can i trade currencies with this app?
can i exchange currencies usign this app?
can this app be used to exchange currencies?
need to exchange currencies
how do i change to aud from gbp?
how do i start an exchange between gbp and aud?
whats types of currency can i exchange?
how can i exchange currencies
can i exchange usd and gbp from the app?
what steps do i need to take to exchange currencies?
what other currencies are available to change to?
what currencies can i exchange between on your app?
can this app exchange american and english currency?
my plans may change so i may need to change from gbp to aud.
does the app allow for exchanges between currencies?
i may no longer need gbp, but instead i will need aud, how can i go about making this change?
can i use this app to change money?
has there been any activity on my card today?
i lost my wallet and all my cards were in it.
i'm panicking!  i lost my card!  help!
i need to report a stolen card
how do i replace a stolen card?
can you provide information for freezing my card immediately?
what's the phone number to freeze a card?
i can't find my card! can you help?
hi, i am on vacation in spain and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything. can you block it asap and then i want to order a new one also asap.
help! i lost my card!
my card is missing.  please help.
i think that my card has been stolen!
my card was stolen
a fee shouldn't apply to me if my card was stolen.
my card has been stolen. i reported it with the police, but i need to report it with you as well.
can you tell me the status of my new card?
my card has been stolen what do i do?
i can't find my card, it is lost.
my card is lost!  please help me!
i believe that my card has been stolen!
what should i do if i think my card was stolen?
can you send me a new card and block my current one. i'm in spain and my wallet was stolen.
i thought i left my card at a restaurant, but they claim not to have it and now i don't have any idea where it is. i'm so worried that someone might be using it fraudulently. is there any way to look into this?
my bag got stolen with all my cards. can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
i think my card is stolen!
help!  i fear that my card was stolen,
someone stole my card!
are you able to guide me to my card's location?
how can i report that my card was stolen? i made a police report first.
my card is missing!  help!
my wallet was stolen, along with my cards. how do i put a freeze on my cards and order a new one?
could you please freeze my card immediately?
i need help, i lost my card
what can i do if i lost my card?
i think that the card is stolen.  what are my next steps?
what do i do if my card is stolen?
my card is stolen.  help!
i lost track of my card
report stolen card
help!  my card is stolen.
my card was lost on vacation, i don't know where it is. can you help me take care of this immediately?
i have lost my card! what is my next step?
my card has been lost! help!
what do i do if my card has been lost or stolen?
help me!  i lost my card.  what should i do?
someone stole my wallet with my card in it while vacationing in spain. i really need my card blocked and a new one ordered.
who can i speak with regarding a lost card?
my card has gone missing.
oh my god i lost my card! what should i do?
i can't find my card!  what should i do?
what is the first step that i should take after my card has been stolen?
i seem to have lost my card.
my card was stolen. what do i need to do?
someone took my card without permission
i lost my card n need a new one.
my card has been lost / stolen
i misplaced my card and i dont know where the last place is where i used the card last. can you look at my account and tell me the last place i used the card?
please help me.  my card is missing.
i lost my card, what do i do now?
i need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
i think someone stole my card because i can't find it.
what are the steps i need to do if i have a stolen card?
i cant find my card.
i think my card is lost.  what do i do?
what should i do if my card is stolen?
how do i deactivate a stolen card?
i want to block my card or deactivate it or something, it's been stolen and i don't want it misused. i want this handled right away.
someone took my card without my permission.
need help with a stolen card.
help, lost my card
what do i do if my card was stolen.
i think my wallet fell out on the tube today! i realized as soon as i got to my desk. how do i cut off the card?
my card is missing.
how do i report my card as lost or stolen?
is there any way for you to find my card?
i've lost my card. what can i do about that?
i left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
can you help me retrieve my card?
i lost my card. can you help me?
what should i do?  my card has been stolen!
my card was stolen last night.
could you assist me in finding my lost card?
i want to open an account for my children
how old do you need to be to use the banks services?
whats the minimum age to have an account
can my children open an account?
how old do i need to be?
what are age requirements for opening an account?
is there any age limit?
we want to start a college fund for my daughter.
hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
can i start an account for my kids?
how old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
what is minimum age for an account?
what is needed for my daughter to open an account?
what about my children?
what is the process for setting up and account for my child?
is there an age limit to open an account
how old do my kids have to be use this?
can i make an account for my kids?
i'd like to open an account for my kids can i do that?
would it be possible to open up an account for children?
do you have any age limit?
if i want my son to have his own account is that possible?
could i open an account for children?
what does my daughter need to open an account?
can my children get an account?
what is the age limit for an account?
what age do you have to be?
what is the appropriate age for my child to be able to open an account?
how do i open an account for my children?
what are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
are there age requirements
is there an age limit for opening an account?
can my 8 year old grandson open an account at the bank?
what is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
if i want to get an account for my daughter, can i do that?
how old do you have to be to open an account?
i have young kids. can they use this service?
do you have an age limit?
how old do you have to be?
could my daughter open an account?
can i open an account for my children?
what would the age limit be?
what are the age requirements for service?
i am 16 and just started working at mcdonalds can i deposit my checks at your bank?
is there a possibility to open an account for my sons and daughters?
is there an age limit to get an account?
what is the age limit for opening a new account
is my daughter eligible to open an account?
how do i set up an account for my children?
may i get an account for my daughter?
what is the minimum age limit?
how old must i be to open an account?
what is the age limit?
can my children have an account?
is there any way i could open an account for my daughter?
can i get an account for my daughter?
how old do you need to be to open an account?
do you offer account services for children and teens?
from which age can my kids use your service?
what is the youngest age for an account?
i have kids and i'm curious at what age could they start to use your service.
at what age can i open an account?
i'd like to open an account for my children. how can i do that?
can i open up an account for my child?
is there a limit for age?
how can i open an account for my children?
do you have a children account available?
at what age can my children use your service?
i want to open an account for my child.
at what age can a person open an account?
how old do kids have to be to open an account?
what is your age limit?
how old do my kids need to be to use your service?
i would like to get an account for my child.
would i be able to open an account for my daughter?
can my teenager have an account?
what age do you have to be to open an account?
how old do my kids need to be to open an account?
as my kids get older are they able to get set up with their own accounts?
is there an age limit to when my child can use these services?
how many years old do i have to be?
do you have a limit for someone's age?
do you have any accounts for children ?
can my daughter make an account?
i need to set up an account for my daughter, how would i do that?
how old can one use your service?
do you have to be 18 to make an account?
would i be able to get an account for my child?
can i get an account for my son?
do i have to be 18 to open an account?
am i allowed to get an account for my daughter?
my daughter needs to open account.
can i open an account for my offspring?
do you offer account's for minors?
what are the age limits for your service?
how old do you need to be to have an account?
how old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
my son has just turned 13, is he old enough for an account?
do you guys have any age restrictions?
is there a minimum age for having an account?
how old does one need to be?
my daughter needs an acount.
what is the age requirement?
is there a certain age i need to be?
is my child too young to sign up?
am i able to open an account for my children?
can i make an account for my daughter?
what's the youngest i can be to open an account?
do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
is it possible for me to set up separate accounts for my kids?
i have exceeded the number of pin attempts
i mistook my pin and now i am locked.  can you unlock me?
please help me unblock my pin which i put the wrong one too many times.
help me unblock my account.  i entered the pin wrong too many times.
i locked myself out of my account, how do i unblock my pin?
my pin tries have run out. now what?
can i reset my pin if it is blocked?
after inputting the wrong pin too many times, can you now help me unblock my pin?
where do i find pin for my card?
can someone help me unblock my pin?
i attempted to enter my pin to many times.
i forgot my pin and now it is blocked.
can someone assist me with explaining how i can unblock my pin?
my pin needs unblocking, unblock it please?
what do i have to do to get my pin unblocked?
i tried my pin too many times and now my card won't work!
i entered a wrong pin too many times. how can i fix this?
how can i unblock my pin?
when i was drunk i got my card stuck in your machine because i mis-typed my pin. what do i need to do to get it restored?
i cannot try my pin anymore.
what's the web address to unblock my pin?
how do i make my pin work again?
what steps do i take to unblock my pin?
my pin was entered wrong and now i am blocked.  please unblock.
can i use app to unblock my card?
i tried the wrong pin too many times.
help me unblock my pin.
can i unblock my pin in the app?
how can i get my pin unblocked?
i forgot my pin number.
i tried entering my pin several times incorrectly. why isn't my pin working?
i need my pin unlocked.
i can't input my pin again.
how do i take a block off my card?
will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
what do i do if i forgot my pin?
what is the process for unlocking the pin?
how do i go about unlocking a pin?
i enetered the wrong information, i need my account unblocked how do i do that?
my pin is locked, how do i unlock it?
i entered in the wrong pin.  please help me unlock my account.
if my pin number is rejected, how do i solve it?
why was my pin blocked?

i put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. can you help me unblock it?
where can i go to get my pin unblocked?
what is the procedure of unblocking my pin?
i accidentally exceeded my pin tries.  please advise.
i logged in wrong and am blocked, how do i log in?
while i was drunk, i goofed my pin number and your machine ate my card. how can i get it back?
can you unblock my blocked pin?
how can i reset my darned pin number?
my pin is unlocked, what do i do?
my account is locked because i used the wrong pin too many times.  please help.p
my pin can't access my card, can you help?.
after putting in the wrong pin too many times, i was blocked. can you assist me in changing it?

how do i unblock my pin?
what happens if i forget my pin?
i put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. can you help me unblock it?
i managed to drunken block my card :(( help!
why is my pin blocked?
i used my pin too many times.
my pin has been blocked.
my card got blocked, how do i reset?
my pin number was incorrect, and i can't access it.
is there a way to reset my pin?
what do i do if i have exceeded all my pin tries?
how do i get unblocked?
i blocked my card by mistake, how do i unblock it?
what should i do if i exceed my pin tries?
how come i got blocked for entering wrong pins?
what should i do if i have used all of my pin tries?
my pin isn't working.
i forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
where am i able to get my pin unblocked?
i forgot my pin and am blocked now. can i reset it somewhere?
i must have entered my pin wrong.
i am locked out from entering my pin.
what do i do to unblock my pin?
i entered my pin wrong  too many times.
i have used all my pin tries, what now?
where do i go to unblock my pin?
what if i type in the wrong pin too many times?
what do i do if my pin was blocked?
can i unblock my pin using the app?
how many times can i enter a wrong pin before it is blocked?
my pin was blocked.
i accidentally put in the wrong pin too many times and now i need to unblock it. can you assist with this?
i have exceeded all my pin tries
how to unblock my pin?
how many incorrect attempts cause card to be blocked?
guide me on how to unblock my pin
would you please unblock my pin? i don't know why, but it's blocked.
i have used all of my pin tries. what should i do now?
is there a number to call to get my pin unblocked?
my pin seems to be blocked, help me access it?
how do i unblock my card?
i may have entered the pin wrong and the account is blocked.  what do i have to do to get it unblocked.
i cannot use my pin.
my pin got blocked, help.
where do i unblock my pin?
i am blocked now because i entered the wrong pin, need help.
my pin has been blocked, what should i do?
too many times i entered the incorrect pin.  how can i get my account unblocked?
my account is blocked because i entered the wrong pin too many times.  help me unblock.
i entered the wrong pin too many times and now i think it's blocked. what do i do?
i was blocked by using the wrong pin too many times, can you help me?
my pin is not working, can you help?
how do i unlock my account after typing in the wrong pin too many times?
i entered the pin incorrectly too many times and now it is blocked. can you help?
can you unblock my pin because i put the wrong one too many times.
i need a new pin number.
can you unblock my account?  i entered the pin wrong.
i tried my pin too many times
i punched in the wrong pin too many times and i'm locked out.
i can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. can you help me?
should i uninstall the app before i try it again?
how come when i tried to pay contactless at the bus it didnt work?
why is my contactless not working?
my contactless payments don't work.
how many days processing new card?
i'm confused. my contactless is suddenly not working anywhere that i try to use it. how do i fix it?
would reinstalling the app solve the problem?
i've tried using my contactless in several locations today and it's not working anywhere. it seemed fine before. how do i get it to work again?
what do i have to do to get the contactless to work?
the terminal i paid at wouldn't take my card. is something wrong?
why wasn't my contactless accepted at the metro?
can i make a contactless payments?
i can't get a contactless payment to work.
contactless payments need to be enabled for my card.
help me to set up contactless payments.
my contactless stopped working today for no good reason. it's not working no matter where i try to use it. can you please help me fix it?
i'm confused ass to why my contactless is not working.
i need help fixing my contactless. it's not working anywhere i go today.
the contactless payments are not working.
how to get new card?
how do i troubleshoot my contactless?
how can i fix my contactless?
any charges applicable for new card?
i have a contactless that's broken.
my contactless is non-functional.
how can i get new card?
my contactless stopped working today no matter where i try to use it. how do i get it to start working again?
how do i troubleshoot when contactless doesn't work?
how can i fix my card if the contactless function didn't work this morning?
i was trying to use contactless earlier, but it didn't work.
why wouldn't my contactless work for the metro?
are my contactless settings correct? i tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
i am having problems with my contactless.
i am having issues using contactless payments, could my card be damaged?
what is the reason when i tried to pay contactless at the bus, it didnt work?
is there a top up fee for transfer?
will there be a charge for topping up by account with a sepa transfer?
what are the charges for receiving a sepa transfer?
is there a charge for sepa transfers?
will i be charged a fee for a sepa transfer?
what is the fee to top-up my account
will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
can you tell me the cost of a transfer?
do you receive swift transfers?
what is the charge for receiving a sepa transfer?
will i receive all the money sent to my account by sepa transfer?
am i going to see a charge for a sepa transfer?
can i do a swift transfer?
what would i be charged in receiving a sepa transfer?
how much is it to receive money?
is there a charge for using transfers for top ups?
if someone sends me money, will i be charged?
do you accept swift transfers?
am i charged for receiving money?
will i be charged for topping up by transfer?
will i be charged any fee for receiving money?
are there fees for receiving a sepa transfer?
is there a fee to top up by bank transfers?
do you offer swift transfers?
will i be charged for a top off transfer?
will i be charged for receiving money?
to receive money are there charges?
will there be a charge when money is added to my account?
what are the fees associated with top up via transfer?
can i use swift transfers?
how much does a transfer cost?
is there a fee for a sepa transfer
why do you charge for transfers?
is there a fee to make a transfer?
what is the charge to make a transfer
if i were to transfer, what would the cost be?
does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
will i be fined for topping up by transfer?
what is the price of a transfer?
if i top-up by using a trasfer are there charges that applied?
do i get charged if i get money?
would i be able to use swift transfers?
are there any charges for receiving money?
how much will i be charged for making a transfer?
for topping-up is there a charge?
can i transfer money using the swift service?
is there a charge for transfers?
is there a fee for swift transfer
how much does it cost to top up by transfer?
what are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
do you charge anything for topping up?
are swift transfers available at this bank?
if i were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
how much do i need to pay for a transfer?
is there a charge for getting my money?
does this program take swift transfers?
what does it cost to receive a sepa transfer?
how much will it be in order to pay with a bank transfer using sepa?
will there be a fee if i receive a sepa transfer
am i charged if i make a top-up?
do you have a fee for receiving a sepa transfer?
what does a transfer cost?
am i able to do a swift transfer with you?
is a swift transfer acceptable?
will i be charged for adding money by transfer?
how much will it cost me for a sepa transfer?
how much would it cost me if i transfer?
what should i expect to be charged on a sepa transfer?
what is the cost of a transfer?
i want to top up my account by a bank transfer, but will i be charged?
am i able to do a swift transfer?
are you aware of any charges for receiving money?
are swift transfers supported?
is there a charge for receiving money?
can i transfer using swift?
am i going to be charged for receiving  money?
what are the additional charges for a swift transfer?
does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
how much does it cost to make transfers?
how much would it cost me for a bank transfer to top up my account?
do you take swift transfers?
is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
will i be charged for receiving the money?
for sepa transfers, what kind of charge will be applied?
are there topping up fees if i have to transfer?
am i going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
what is the handling fee for transfer?
does it cost me to add cash?
do i get charged if i am receiving money?
are you going to charge me to collect the money?
can i transfer from swift?
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
do i pay a fee for sepa transfers?
is there a cost to receive money?
i'd like to make a sepa transfer to my account, but will i be charged?
can third party fees affect a transfer?
do you charge for transfers?
will i be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
how much would i be charged for a transfer?
is there a top up fee?
are swift transfers an option?
how much does it cost to do a transfer?
if i top up by transfer, am i going to be charged?
what are the charges for recieving sepa transfers?
are there any fees associated with receiving money?
how much does each transfer cost?
is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
will i be charged to top off my account?
what kind of fee is there to top-up my account?
do you process swift transfers?
i want to do a swift transfer
how long does a top-up take to go through?
i am under the impression that my top up is still pending
how long will it take for my money to be deposited?
i put money on my card and i dont see it on the balance
i have a top-up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
it is still pending, i am still waiting. your system just shows my top-up as pending. what is happening?
why is my top up not completing?
what if my top up doesn't go through?
sort your top up out please! it's been pending since an hour already, can you please make this go through asap i really need the money
says that my top-up is incomplete?
it appears my top-up is still pending.
my top up did not go through yet.
seems like my top-up has not gone through
how long will my top-up stay pending?
i think my top up is still pending?
something is wrong with the top up! i'm a regular customer and use your service all the time, usually this works but now it just shows up as pending
why isn't my top-up going through?
i topped up but it isn't in my account
when will my top-up happen?
my top up has been pending for an hour already, and i really need this to go through as soon as possible.  can you help?
what is the reason my top-up is still pending?
how long does it take to reflect in my balance a top up
my top-up is taking a while to process!
my top up is incomplete.
my top-up funds aren't available yet.
why hasn't my top-up finished pending yet?
where are my funds? i topped off my car but it didn't seem to complete.
i tried to top up, but the funds show up as pending. i thought it was instant?
i tried to top up, but it didn't finish.
should my top-up be completed by now?
my top up did not complete.
why hasnt my top up gone through yet?? i thought it was suppose to be instant? am i wrong? why is it still pending?
i topped up and went to buy something, but it says that my funds are pending. is there a way to quicken this process?
when will my top up be approved?
my top-up didn't go through; it still says pending. what's up with that?
i can't find the money i just added to my account.
what does it mean if my top-up has not gone through?
my top up hasn't gone through yet, why?
i've been waiting for a top up to come through for over an hour and i need the funds now.
hello, i am a new customer, and just tried topping up for the first time. according to your information, the transaction should be instant - why does it still show as pending?
i attempted to top up my account but it's been frozen in a pending state for well over an hour now! is this normal? i'm a new customer and this is my first time doing this. i assumed it would be done quicker than this.
my account is  new  why can i  not top up
help, i don't see my money i just added.
what happened to my top-up? it's not reflected.
i'm waiting on a top-up, its still pending
i'm a new customer and tried topping up today for the first time. it's still pending and doesn't seem to be working. i need to get this fixed.
needed gas, been delayed for half an hour.please fix it!
yesterday i topped up my card. why didn't it complete as it still pending?
tell my why my top-up is pending.
how long should i wait for top up go go through ?
top-up is loaded into the card and no update.
my top-up seems to be pending for a long time?
i already paid to top-up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
what do i do if my top-up has not gone through?
my top-up hasn't gone through
is my top up not working?
my top up is pending still
why has my top up not gone through yet?
hi, i tried topping up for the first time today (i'm a new customer), and the transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour. can you fix it?
my top up says it is still pending
i topped up about half an hour ago and the charge is still pending. i'm a new customer and today is my first time doing this. can you fix it? it doesn't seem to be working.
how long does it take for my top up to clear?
how long should i expect to wait when i add money
i'm still waiting for the top-up!
is there a problem with the top up system? my transaction hasn't gone through properly
how long will my top-up be pending?
i believe my top up is still pending
why hasn't my top up gone through?
why is  my  top  up for  my  new account  not  instant
my money hasn't been deposited yet. when will it be?
i'm still waiting for my top-up to go through
how long after a failed topup will funds refurn to account
my top is still pending.
my top-up hasn't happened yet.
has my top up gone through?
how long does it take for a top-up?
i used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending. what does this mean?
when will my top-up go through?
how long does it take for a top up to go through
i have a pending top-up
why is the top-up i made still pending.
my top-up is still pending
my top up is still pending
my top-up is taking a very long time to complete.
i do not think the pop up went through yet.
how long are my top ups pending
did i do something incorrectly? where is my top-up?
why hasn't my top-up gone through?
should my top up still be pending?
top up is still pending
i have been waiting for my top-up to complete and it still hasn't gone through.
im trying to top up my card but it's still pending and it's been an hour. is there any way to make it go through faster? do i not have enough?
please explain why my top-up hasn't been processed yet?
why can't i see my funds after i topped up?
my top up hasn't gone through
i'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
when will my top-up be completed?
my top up keeps showing pending?  how long will things be like this?  days, weeks, months?  i need the money quite urgently for an important coffee purchase, can you please let me know when top up will work?
i think something is wrong with your top up.  i've been waiting a little over an hour for this to go through, can you send it through for me?
how long do top-ups take to go through
i tried topping up for the first time today since i am a new customer. it doesn't appear that it's working. it has been pending for at least half an hour. please take care of this.
how long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! can you fix this to go through?
there is a top up that has been pending for an hour and i don't know why.  i was expecting it immediately and need it now!
can you tell me what is wrong ? i top-up with you all the time but this time it just shows my top-up as pending. what is happening?
my top-up appears to be pending.
is there a reason that my top-up is still pending?
why is top up pending
i topped-up my account, but i don't think it went through.
the top-up is broken.
is there something wrong with my top up i did an hour ago? it's still pending. i need that money, i cant afford to wait or have it come back to me.
why is my top-up pending?
how come my top-up didn't go through instantly, like it usually does?
it's been some time since refilled the top-up.
i added money to the card but the transaction didn't go through
how long do i need to wait til my top up isn't pending?
top up not completed
it appears my top-up has not gone through.
even though i added money ey to the card, i couldn't use it
how long does it take for a top up to be approved?
how do i make my top up complete?
what is taking so long with my top up?
when will my top up be applied?
can you look into why my most recent top-up is showing as pending? i thought it was supposed to be instantaneous.
i just made a top-up but it shows as pending! i use your service all the time and have never had a problem before. why does it keep showing up as pending?
how long does my top up pending last?
i topped up last night but don't have any funds, why not?
how long should it take for my top-up to finish? i've been waiting a while.
is there a reason my top-up has not gone through?
problem with my top up going through
how do i know if my top-up went through?
can you please sort out your top up? i need this to go through asap because i really need the money. it's already been pending for an hour.
can you tell me why my pop-up is still pending?
new customer and filling gas for the first time today, not working,
what's taking my top-up so long?
what is wrong with my top-up?
when will my top up process?
can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
how long will it take for my top up to work? it's still pending
isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
what is the reason that my top-up is still pending?
when will my top up go through?
please sort your top up! my top up has been pending for an hour already. can you please make it go through as soon as possible. i really need the money.
my top-up has not posted.
i made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
hello, i'm a brand new customer and tried topping up for the first time today. it has been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. please resolve this.
i have a new card and i can't add money to it.  i tried about 30 minutes ago and it is still pending.  what do i do?
i'm not certain my top-up went through yet.
i've been waiting for over an hour for a top up to go through.  how long is this supposed to take?  i really need this money.
where to check top ups pending?
cancel a transaction
am i able to cancel a transfer i just made
i needed to make a payment on my account, but i typed in the incorrect number.  the app won't allow me to cancel this transaction.  i need it cancelled asap!!
i made a mistake this morning when i did a transfer. how do i reverse it?
can i cancel a transaction?
hi, i sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
how do i revert a transaction?
i just realized i made the wrong transaction yesterday. would  you please make it correct?i need it by tomorrow please.
how do i cancel a charge?
i didn't want to make a transaction, i want to revert it
is there a way to undo a transaction?
i accidentally made a payment from the wrong account yesterday. it's my rent payment, and it's very large, so the account i paid from won't be able to cover the amount. it's really important that the payment be made from the right account?
i would like help to revert a transaction i did this morning
please help revert my transaction from this morning.
is there any way to cancel my transfer
i messed up a transfer and need to reverse it.
please cancel my most recent transfer, it was a mistake. this is an emergency. it needs to be canceled before it goes through.
i made a mistake and performed a transaction on the wrong account!
i want to revert a transaction i did this morning
i need to change a transfer.
how do i cancel a transaction?
i need to cancel a transaction please!
i want to revert a transaction i did
could i please cancel my transfer, i paid it into the wrong account. i need to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
i need a transfer cancelled.
i did a transaction this morning and now i want to cancel it.
a transfer has to be cancelled.
is it possible to cancel a transaction?
i messed up and made a transaction using the wrong account.
one of my transactions needs to be canceled.
i need to stop a transaction that i made.
i need to cancel a transfer i made.
my transfer was wrong, are you able to stop it before it goes through please?
i used the wrong account.
i've made a horrible mistake!  i transferred money to the wrong account by accident!  i entered one of the digits wrong.  i need this cancelled immediately please.
what are the steps i need to take to cancel a transaction?
i would like to cancel a transfer...is this possible?
i want to cancel the transaction i made earlier
i submitted a transaction but it was for the incorrect account.
i stupidly initiated a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. it can't be paid from that account, but it really needs to get paid on time. am i able to move the payment to the right account?
can you help me to quickly cancel a transaction i accidentally did to the wrong account?
i don't think the transaction has gone through, so can i cancel a transfer?
i wanna revert a transaction i did this morning.
i did a transaction to a wrong account!
please help me cancel a transaction.
i entered a typo when i was transferring money and now i've sent it to an incorrect account.  this is so bad!  i need it cancelled now.
how fast can you fix an error in payment?  i made a payment in the wrong account yesterday and it needs to be adjusted by tomorrow for my rent.
please cancel my last transaction.
how to cancel a transaction
i need to cancel a transfer
help me cancel a transfer.
who do i talk to, to cancel a transfer?
help! i need to cancel a transaction.
i made a mistake and need to cancel a transfer.
if i make a mistake can i cancel the transaction?
i need to cancel a transaction.
i don't need to transfer anymore and i want to cancel it.
how do i cancel a transfer?
i made a mistake on the last transfer i made, who must i speak with to cancel?
who do i call to cancel a transfer?
it is extremely important that i cancel the transfer i made yesterday and put the money into a different account.  is this possible?
i made a transaction to the wrong account!
is there any way to cancel a recent transfer?  i did not mean to make it and need to make sure it does not go through.
is there a way to revert a transaction?
i have a transaction and would like to know if i it's cancelable?
i accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. what should i do?
how can i cancel my transfer?
i just realized i made the wrong transaction  yesterday. would  you please make it correct?i need it by tomorrow.
am i able to stop a transfer?
i made a transaction, but i made it to an account i didn't mean to make it to.
stop the transaction
i need to reverse a transaction
i just realised i made the wrong payment yesterday. can you please change it to the right account? it's my rent payment and really really needs to be in the right account by tomorrow
i've just made a money transfer to the wrong account, i need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone i don't know.  please can you help?
please help!  the app won't let me cancel a money transfer.  i accidently sent money to an account that wasn't mine.  i need this cancelled immediately.
help me cancel a transaction.
i already made a transfer and want to cancel it, how do i do that?
hi , i just came to know i made the wrong transaction  yesterday. would  you please make it correct?i need it by tomorrow.
i sent a payment to the wrong account number - can that transaction be reversed? i am worried about accidentally giving my money away.
i want to reverse a transaction i did this morning
i need you to stop the transfer i just started as soon as possible, i just realized it's not correct!
i would like to cancel my previous transaction
i need urgent help. i realize i sent my payment to the wrong account number. i made a typo. please cancel the transfer now. there isn't an option from the app.
i made a mistake and did a transaction to a wrong account, can i cancel?
hi, i made a transfer yesterday that i need to reverse.  i need to put the money in a different account.
i need urgent help. i realize i sent my payment to the wrong account number. i made a typo. please cancel the transfer immediately. i cannot do anything from the app.
i want to cancel a transaction.
i made a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. it absolutely has to go through tomorrow, so can you please reroute the payment to the right account?
i no longer want to transfer funds, can we cancel that transaction?
i made a mistake when sending a payment, sending it to the wrong account number (with a typo) - can you please cancel the transaction?
i need to cancel my recent transfer as soon as possible. i made an error there. please help before it goes through.
i am trying to revert a transcation i did this morning
a payment i made is for a wrong amount can you help me correct the mistake.
i inadvertently completed a transaction on a wrong account.
i used the wrong account number!
how can i cancel a transfer i made
i made a mistake of transferring, can i cancel my previous transfer?
i made a mistake when making my last transfer, please cancel before it goes thru.
can i stop a transaction?
i wish to cancel a transfer
i want to take back my transaction
is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
hey i need help urgently. i just realised i sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo! please cancel it immediately, i can't do it anymore from the app
is it possible to cancel transactions?
help! i made a transfer in error and need to cancel it before it's complete!
i made a terrible mistake when typing in my account number.  i accidently sent money to the wrong account.  i noticed the app won't allow me to void the transaction.  can someone help me with this immediately?
is it possible to cancel my transfer?
how do i fix a transaction to the wrong account?
i goofed up and used the wrong account.  please help.
i want to cancel a transfer i just made.
cancel transaction
could you refund my transaction, i paid it into the wrong account. i need to be able to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
my transaction is on the wrong account.
i paid my rent into the wrong account, could you please pay it into the right account, it needs to be done by tomorrow.
how do i go about cancelling a transaction?
i have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. how do i stop the transfer?
i would like to cancel a transfer
please help me, there is a transaction in the incorrect account.
how can i revert a transaction from this morning?
how do i cancel a recent transfer?
please can you block the transaction i just sent from my account? it was a payment but i accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
i made a transaction this morning but i need to revert it now.
i made the incorrect payment for my rent yesterday and this needs to be fixed by no later than tomorrow. how can you help?
i recently made a transfer but i need to cancel it as soon as possible.  please let me know when this happens.
i made a transfer into my account and now i need to cancel it
cancel my transfer, please.
i need to cancel a transaction immediately.
please help me!  a payment i made had an error on the account number and i can't cancel on my side.  can you cancel it?
i need to cancel my recent transfer quickly since i made a mistake. please help before it goes through.
can i cancel a transfer i made
where do i go to cancel a transaction?
how can i cancel a transaction to a wrong account?
there's been a transaction to the wrong account.
please cancel the transfer i just made.  i put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app.
i want to revert this mornings transaction.
i didn't mean to do the transfer, is there any way to cancel it?
i need immediate assistance in canceling a transfer which was a mistake. please help me quickly so this does not go through.
cancelling a transaction
the wrong account was used during a transaction.
i just initiated a transfer but i'd like to cancel it.
my morning transaction needs to be canceled.
my transaction from earlier needs to be reversed.
i recently made a transfer that i would like to cancel
yesterday, i made an incorrect payment to the wrong account for my rent payment. i need this addressed as soon as possible and the funds transferred to the correct account by no later than tomorrow.
what do i need to do to cancel a transaction?
how can i cancel this transaction?
help please!  my rent payment is coming out tomorrow and i made a payment mistake yesterday! can you put in in the correct account?
i need help right now. i realize i sent my payment to the wrong account number after making a typo. please cancel the transfer now since i can't do it from the app.
i need help as fast as possible! i made a mistake on my most recent transfer; can you please stop it before it goes through?
i want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
a transfer has been made in my account that i need to cancel.  this was a mistake on my part and i hope we can get this resolved quickly.
i need to cancel my recent transfer. i made a mistake. please help quickly before the transfer goes through.
i'm really upset because i made a typo during a transfer and now i've sent money to the wrong account.  i can't fix this with the app.  please help me immediately!
there was a transaction this morning that i'd like to reverse.
what do i have to do to cancel a transfer?
i wanted to transfer money to another account, but now i don't have to so i'd like to cancel said transfer. how can i do that?
please cancel the transaction
what is the max amount of top-ups?
are top-ups unlimited?
can i increase my top-up maximum?
can i top-up any amount?
what's the limit to how much i can top up?
would i be able to top up as much as i can?
do i have a limit to the number of top-ups per day?
need to know if there is a maximum i can top up
how many top-ups am i allowed to do?
how much is ok for me to top up with?
what is the maximum i can top up?
what is the most money i can top up?
are there any top-up limits?
is there a limit to the top-ups someone can do?
what is the greatest number of times that i can top-up?
tell me if there is a limit to top-up.
is there a top-up limit that i have to stay under during a given period of time?
how much am i allowed to top-up?
is there a limit on how much i can top up?
is there a limit to how much i can top-up?
is there a limit for the amount i can top up?
what is the limit for top-ups?
how much can i top up in a day?
do top-ups have limits?
is there a limit to how much i can top up?
please tell me the limit to topping-up.
do top-up limits exist?
i would like to know how much i can top-up.
whats the limit on my top up
are there any top-up limits that i must follow?
can i top-up any amount i wish on any given day?
is topping up unlimited?
what is the highest amount of top ups i'm allowed?
is there a limit for top up?
can i set my own top-up limit?
what are the rules for a top-up?
how often can i top up?
what is the highest amount i can top-up?
what is the most that i can top-up to a card?
what limits are the to top-ups?
how many times can i make a top-up?
whats the max i can top up
what is the maximum top up?
what is the top-up limit for my card?
tell me if there is a top-up limit.
what number of times can i top-up?
is there a limit to top up
what's the maximum amount i can top up my card with please?
how can i information on my limit for top-ups?
it seems i need to get information on limits for top-ups.
are there any top-up limits involved?
what is my top-up limit?
are there limits with top-up?
what is the max top-up?
what is your maximum top up limit per day?
i need to add a serious amount of cash to my card, how do i do that?
tell me about the limit for top ups.
is there a limit to my top-up?
is there a topping up limit?
can i create my own top-up limit?
can i top up?
how much could i top up?
how many top-ups can be approved?
what is the top-up limit?
do you limit my top-offs?
is the top-up amount unlimited?
how many top-ups can i use?
is there a maximum for top-ups?
will you set a limit to my top-up?
is there a top-up limit?
how often am i able to top-up?
can someone please tell me how much i can top-up?
what is the maximum for top-ups?
do you have any top-up limits?
do top-ups have a limit?
can i top up any amount?
can i use as many top-ups as i want?
do i need to use a limit on top-ups?
what amount can i top-up?
can you tell me the limit for top ups?
i need someone to assist me with explaining how much i can top-up.
what is the most i can top-up?
is there a limit for top ups?
what is the max i can top up?
how often can i top up my account?
what's the amount that i can top-up?
do you limit my top-ups?
is there a limit on top ups
what is the top-up limit on my cards?
what's my limit for topping up?
what are limits to top up
is there any amount in which i would get cut off from topping up?
how much is the limit for top-ups?
how much can i top up on my card?
limits on top ups
what is the daily limit on my card?
what's the top-up limit?
why did i only receive a partial amount of what i tried to withdraw?
my atm transaction was wrong
why did i only get 20.00
why is my cash request and the amount i received different?
i tried to withdraw $100, all it gave me was $20.
the atm didn't give me enough money.
when i went to withdraw cash today the atm gave me the wrong amount of cash. the app is showing a larger amount.
i didn't get the all the cash i wanted from the atm
i received $20 but i entered $100
hi, i used an atm today to take money out of my account, but the amount it gave me is not the amount i requested. what should i do?
did a wd earlier at an atm.  the amount showing in the app is more than i got though.
i didn't get the correct amount of money from the atm machine
some cash was missing at atm.
i didn't get all the cash i asked for
i tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. what happened?
how come when i asked for 100 it only gave me 20.00 in the app
asked for $100 but only got $20. why would this happen?
i wanted to withdraw $100 from the atm but i only got $20
i got less money than i asked for.
hi, please help me to request cash back. as i have been withdrawn money from atm, but i got wrong amount. in application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
the cash i wanted wasn't there.
i requested a higher amount for my cash withdrawal
the amount of cash i received did not match the amount i requested
the atm didn't give me the full requested amount
the amount of cash i received was not the full amount
how can i request cash back? the atm just gave me the wrong amount that i've been charged though...
i was only given $20 after trying to withdraw $100
i received less cash than the amount i specified in the atm.
i went tot the atm earlier today and didn't realize this till now but i did not get all the money i requested.  i believe my account was charged for 100 but i only got 80.  is there any way we can solve this problem?
i got less cash than what i specified at the atm.
why did i not get the amount of money i requested?
i'm at the atm right now and it only allowed me to withdraw 10 pounds instead of my requested 30. what's going on? how can i fix this?
i got $20 when i should've gotten $100
how can i request cash back? the atm gave me the wrong amount that i've been charged though...
i didn't receive the amount of cash i requested for the atm.
my cash balance less than what i thought
it didn't give me my cash
it kept my cash
i only got $20 of the $100 that i attempted to withdraw.
hi, i draw out some money from the atm today. the atm has given me wrong amount and the application is displaying more amount than i withdraw.
i tried taking out 30 pounds from the atm just now and it only gave me 10. why would it do that? i need the 30 pounds now!
help! i tried to get cash and it gave me some, but not the right amount!
i am calling because the atm didn't give me the right amount of cash, but my app shows the actual amount i wanted to withdraw. what should i do to get my money back?
why didn't i receive the right amount of cash?
why didn't i receive the right amount of cash at the atm?
i received the wrong amount of cash back
why did i only get $20 now the full amount i wanted?
the amount of cash i selected to withdraw is different than what i received.
what do i need to do to get cash back? the atm gave me the wrong amount that i requested but the app is showing the amount to be correct.
what do i need to do to request cash back? the atm actually just gave me the wrong amount. the app i actually chose the right amount.
i was just giving the wrong amount by the atm. how do i request cash back at this point? the app is showing the amount that i actually requested even though that's not what i got.
i normally don't use atms, but i was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash. the atm gave me the wrong amount of money and now my app is not showing the same amount as it should. what do i do?
i received incorrect amount of cash from an atm today. it was more than i wanted. what do i do now?
atm is broken. it did not give me the full amount (30 pounds.)  i'm standing here with only 10 pounds and it's telling me it gave me 30 pounds. i need assistance now!
why didn't the atm give me all my money
i did not get the right amount of cash from the atm.
why did i get less from the atm?
the atm only gave me 10 pounds when i withdrew 30. what do i do?
machines make mistakes too! the atm gave me the wrong amount of money. too much!
i could only take the amount of money that was available to me which was less then i expected.
i was given less cash then i wanted.
hello, i didn't receive the right amount on my atm transaction,  the app shows the correct amount how can we fix this
i did not receive my full withdrawal amount
i received a different amount of cash than what i entered.
i only received $20, but i requested $100.
help, your app is showing a larger wd than i actually did earlier at an atm.
i think something went wrong, i didn't get the right amount.
what do i do if i got the wrong amount at the atm?
i did not receive the right amount of cash i requested
i attempted to withdraw some money from an atm this morning and received the wrong amount. your app says i have enough money available in the account. can someone tell me what's wrong?
what happens if the atm doesn't give the right amount of money?
i asked for more cash than what was received
why can't i take $100 out
i requested $100 but only got $20
i took out cash from the atm, but something must have went wrong, my account shows the correct amount of cash i took out, but the atm didn't give me that amount. how do i get my money back?
i tried withdrawing but my cash is not showing up?
i was not able to receive the correct amount of cash.
i didn't receive the correct amount of cash
i did not get enough cash
i tried to withdraw some money from an atm this morning but wasn't able to get the amount of cash i needed. the amount in the app says what i was trying to withdraw was deducted, but i don't have any money. what do i do about this?
the atm is showing it gave me the money i requested but i didn't get that amount.
the correct amount of cash was not received.
i am so angry right now!  i went to the atm and did not get the correct amount of money i chose to withdraw.  how could this happen?  i need my money and want to know how i can get it asap!
i was given the wrong amount of cash
the atm didn't give me all my cash
why did i not get all the money that i asked for? i asked for all the cash in my my account, but i only got about half. why is that??
i did not ask for the amount of cash that i received.
got only $20 when i tried to withdraw $100.
the app is showing that i received alot more money than i actually received from the atm. this occurred earlier today.
the atm gave me less cash than requested
why didn't i receive all the cash i requested?
i tried to withdraw 40 pounds but only 20 came out. did you steal my money?
yikes!  i didn't get the amount of money that i requested.  what do i do now?
how can i request cash back? the atm just gave me a different amount than what i've been charged though...
i selected to withdrawal 30 pounds but only received 10. i'm still standing in front of the atm. the app shows i took out 30 pounds also. how do i fix this?
my cash received does not match what has been requested
i was not given the amount of cash i withdrew
i was not distributed all of cash that i requested
the machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
i asked for a certain amount of money from the atm, but it gave me a different amount. less than what i asked for.
i asked for $40 and i only received $20, what happened?
why didn't i get the amount i requested at the atm?
the atm didn't give me enough money! i asked for more than it gave. what do i do?
i received the wrong amount of cash.
i haven't received my cash yet.
i did not get all the cash at atm.
if the atm only gave me 10 pounds instead of the 30 i requested, what do i do?
earlier today i took money out the atm. after checking the app the amount is so much higher than the amount i received.
why did i get less cash than what i asked in the atm?
my cash withdrawal was short.
i was not distributed the correct amount of cash that i asked for
the atm shows a withdraw of the amount of money i requested but i didn't revieve that amount in cash.
when i went to $100, all the machine would give me was $20.
what happens if the atm gives me the wrong amount of money?
i did not get any money but still was charged
you shorted me money when i tried to make a withdrawal.
i asked for 100 only got 80
i got some cash at an atm earlier, but now app is showing that i withdrew more than i did.  help!
cash withdrawal was incorrect at atm.
i withdrew money from an atm today, and now my account is showing a different amount than what i withdrew. i checked the amount the atm gave me, and it looks like it gave me the wrong amount of money. what is the best thin for me to do to get this fixed?
why did the atm give me less money than what i requested?
i did not receive the right amount of cash.
how can we correct a mistake on an atm transaction?  the app shows what i should have gotten.
why did i not get the amount i specified at the atm?
the atm didn't give me what i asked for but my balance says it did
i got less cash than what i specified for through the atm.
what happened! i asked for 30 pounds at your atm and only go 10. the machine lied about it too. it said i received the full 30 pounds. someone better help me asap on this.
a wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
i took out money, and didn't get all of it.
how can i get cash back? the atm just gave me the wrong amount that i've been actually charged though...
please help me with the amount that i have withdrawn from the atm today, the atm has given me wrong sum of amount, and i could see that the app is displaying the greater amount than taken out.
i withdrew $100 but only received $20
i requested money from the atm and it didn't give me as much as i requested.
hey i am standing in front of an atm here, it only gave me 10 pounds even though i wanted to withdraw 30! seems like the app has 30 pounds, what do i do??
$20 came out instead of $100
how can i fix this? the atm gave me more cash than i'd asked for.
i could not get the cash i wanted
i wanted to take out $100 but i only got $20.
help, the atm didn't give me all the money i requested
the cash i asked for still hasn't been received
i wanted $100 but only got $20
the atm didn't give me the amount i asked for
where'd the rest of my cash go from the atm
i got less cash at the atm than i asked for. why?
there was a limited amount of money available at the time of my transaction.
my cash withdrawal was not entirely complete
the atm didn'y give me all the cash
the atm is messed up. it gave me less than i wanted.
i received the wrong amount of cash from the atm. can you help?
atm only gave me $20 instead of $100
i was only given $20 when i tried to get $100
i needed $100 but all it gave me was $20.
i tried pulling out money at the atm and it gave me an incorrect amount back.
why did i only get $20 when i asked for $100?
the amount of cash i have received is not correct.
how can i get my money that i didn't get from the atm?
hi, today i have withdrawn cash from atm but i got wrong amount and in the app it is showing much more amount than that.
i didn't get all the money i asked for
the atm did not give me as much cash as i requested.
how can i request cash back? the atm just gave me a different amount than what i've been actually charged though...
why is my withdrawal wrong? i took out $100 but only received $20.
i asked for cash but i did not receive all the funds
the atm i'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds rather than the 30 pounds i wanted. the app shows i took out 30 pounds also. what do i need to do to fix this?
i only got some of the cash i requested from the atm
i am at the atm and tried to withdraw 30 pounds and it only gave me 10 pounds, what do i do?
i got the incorrect amount of money given to me from my account
i did not receive the correct amount of cash.
i did not receive all of my cash back
i got some cash but it wasn't the right amount.
can you explain why the atm is giving me less money than what i asked for?
i tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. where is the rest of my money?
i visited the atm but got less money than what i requested. why?
i couldn't get the money i needed.
who should i contact if the amount of my withdrawal doesn't correspond to the amount that i tried to take out of my account?
i made an atm withdraw it didn't give me the amount i asked for but is showing a withdraw for that amount.
so i just went to the atm to get some cash.  i input that i needed 100 pounds but i only got 80.  i have the receipt  and i am in need of the extra money.  how do i go about obtaining the missing amount?
the amount of money i pushed at the atm machine did not come out of the machine.
i got less than what i asked for in the atm, why?
i'm stuck here at your broken atm and i don't know what to do next. asked for 30 pounds, got 10. atm said i got 30. something very wrong here and i want my money now!
the machine only paid me a hundred when i wanted 20
there was a fee charged when i paid with my card.
i received a fee i should not have.
why am i being a charged for using my card?
tell me why there is a fee for a card payment.
i don't understand why i'm being charged for using my card.
i paid with my card so so why was i charged a transaction fee?
i shouldn't have been charged but i see a fee, why?
i made a payment with my card and was charged a fee, why would you do that
a fee came along with me paying with card
i had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
why is there a fee when i thought there would be no fees?
why are there fees for using a card?
i had to pay money for paying with my card.
i'm going on holiday to france for 6 weeks with my family and the cat, fluffy.  i just purchased €10,000 from a currency exchange to ensure we don't run short but there appears to be a fee.  what is this for?
what are the reasons to be charged a fee on card payments?
i paid with card and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
why was i charged an extra fee when paying with card?
i noticed a new fee on my account. i didn't know there were fees for these payments. what is the policy?
i don't understand why i was charged an additional fee for this service. can you clarify?
why is there a fee for using my card?
why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
where can i find out the fee structure for my account? i have been charged fees for some transactions, but not for other ones. i can't find a pattern in these fees.
on a card payment, why is there a fee?
why did i get charged a fee for my card payment?
why are you charging me fees for using my card?
what is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
why was i charged a fee for using my card
let me know when i get charged extra for payments. i saw on the app a fee i wasn't forewarned about.
i was charged a fee for using my card. can i check that in any way? it seems like there are occasions that i am charge for fees. can you elaborate this?
i got charged a service fee on my account. can it be waived since i didn't know about it before?
i think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
i'm being charged for using my card!
i bought something with my card and i was charged a fee
i received an extra charge for using the card. why?
can you explain why my payment was charged a fee?
is there a fee for paying by card?
who charged me a fee for paying by card?
i have a fee showing from last time i used my card.
why is this fee being charged to me after using my card?
why wasn't it obvious that you charge for payments? if you put the fees in an easy to read format, this could have been avoided.
why am i being charged fees on some transactions but not on others? what am i missing here? i cannot find where to see the fee structure on my account. help!
i payed with the card and there was an extra fee?
is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
why was there a fee for paying by card?
how did the extra charge on my card come in effect?
please tell me why i was charged additionally when i used the card.
i made a purchase with my card and i was charged a fee for using it
i was made to pay a fee for making a transaction with card.
why, when paying with the card, was i charged an extra fee?
i have never been charged a card payment fee before. why did this change?
what can i pay with out  fees
why and i being charged this fee?
why was i charged a fee? i thought shopping was free?
there was an extra charge when i used my card
what is this fee for card payment?
i saw a fee on my app from one of my payments and i wasn't sure where it came from. is there a way you can tell me when there's an additional fee for my payments?
why was i charged for payments? you didn't warn me about additional fees.
i have used my card online before and wasn't charged, why am i charged now
i paid with my card and got charged an extra fee, what's up with that?
i used my card and there was a fee
i am tired of getting charged fees, and i have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
why am i getting a fee on a card payment?
hi, i am new to this. are there any additional fees or charges that i should be aware of? i was looking through the app and i thought i saw something in regards to fee-free allowances.
i noticed that i got charged extra for using the card.
i paid with a card and there is an extra charge. why?
can you explain why i am now getting charged a fee for using my card?
there are multiple instances where you added a fee to the payment, as well as some where you didn't. do you have an outline of when a fee will be added?
i have been charged a fee that i didn't know about. why have you charged me extra for card payments?
i got a fee when paying with my card
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
when using my card i was charged a fee for doing so, why?
what was i charged a fee for card payment?
what is this extra fee?
why did i have to pay extra because i paid with my card?
i want to see what this fee is on my card payment.
let me know when you charge extra for payments please. i just checked the app earlier when i saw that there was an additional fee on one of the payments that i wasn't warned about before.
how do i avoid charges in the future
an extra fee has been added to my card payment is this correct?
why was there an extra charge because i used my card to pay?
why do i have to pay extra for using my card?
unbeknownst to me, there was an additional charge on my prior transaction. a notification of sorts should be required and explained before future payments are made.
i paid with my card and was charged extra
my account was charged a fee. when did you start charging extra for card payments?
explain the extra fee on my card when paying.
i was charged and shouldn't have been charged when using my card!
i have a fee and i don't know why
i was mistakenly charged a fee for using my card.
tell me why i was charged more with my card?
my card is showing a fee from when i used it, but i thought this card was supposed to be fee free?
there was an extra fee when i paid with the card.
i think i was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when i used my card.
i have been charged a fee, i didn't know about this fee before! when do you charge extra for card payments?
i was spending cash with my card and got a fee.
what are these fees i am paying?
why have i been charged a fee for card payment?
how come i was charged an extra fee when paying with the card?
why is there a charged fee for debit or credit card payment?
am i getting charged for making a payment?
why do some of my payments have fees?  i don't understand.
why did i have to pay an additional amount when using my card to pay?
i paid with my card and i was charged a fee
there was a charge applied when i used my card.
i was charged a hidden fee when i paid with card.
why does it cost more to pay with my card?
is there a place to check for fee for payments? i feel like i'm getting charged too much at times.
i need to be made aware when i am being charged an extra amount for payments please. i looked over the app earlier and noticed an additional feel related to one of the payments. i was not warned about this before.
why was i charged extra when paying with card?
why am i charged a fee when using my debit or credit card?
i am getting charged fees on some payments.  please help me understand, where are these fees disclosed?
why was the price higher when i paid with my card?
i just made an order and noticed an extra fee. why have you charged me this without informing me?
i didn't know i was going to get charged to use my card.
i have been charged an extra fee when buying from your store. why is this?
what is this extra fee that i got when i used my card to pay?
was i charged extra for using my card?
let me know when applying extra charges for payments. i just checked the app and saw a fee that i wasn't warned about.
why was i charged an additional fee when paying with card?
why did i get charged extra?
i paid with card and i was charged a fee
i made a purchase but never expected to see a fee charged for the transaction.
i was charged for using my card?
my card was charged more than expected.
where can i check to see if there will be a fee added to my payment? are there specific instances that will result in a fee added?
why have i been charged a fee for using my card?
why was i charged extra using my card?
how was i charged extra when i used my card to pay?
when do i get charged a fee for using the card?
i see i was charged extra when i used the card.  i am not sure why, please tell me why.
why was i charged a fee for my card payment?
why was i charged an extra fee when using the card?
let me know when you charge for payments. i just checked the app and saw a fee that i wasn't warned about.
what is the charge for paying with my card?
i paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
why is there a fee on a card payment?
i was unaware of the additional charge that was added onto my previous payment. a notification of extra charges would be appreciated in the future.
i don't think i should have been charged a fee to use my card.
a fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card!
how do i see what fees i am supposed to be charged on my account? i've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others. this is very confusing and i cannot find a pattern to what i am being charged?
why am i getting charged more for using my card?
i see a fee that i think was charged because i paid by card.
what are the fees imposed when i make a transaction?
what was the extra charge for using my card?
why was a fee added to my bill when i used my card?
please tell my why i was charged a fee for using my card?
how can i check how much free spending i have left? i have some big purchases coming up and want to know where i can look for any info.
i was charged a fee when buying stuff with my card.
i was charged an additional amount of money for making a purchase with my card
what is the fee charged for using my card?
i just saw a fee on my account. when do these get charged?
is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
this fee shouldn't be there after i paid with a card.
why am i charged an extra fee on my card?
why did i get charged more for using my card?
i recently bought an item using my card and i was charged an extra fee why is this?
i am angry that i got charged for using my card.
i wanted to know why i got an additional fee when i use my card.
is there a fee for making a payment? if so, let me know why.
please tell me why i would have to pay a fee for a recent payment. thanks.
why was i charged a fee for debit or credit card payment?
why was an extra charge added when i used my card?
why have i been charged a small fee to use my card?
i was charged an extra fee for a card payment. i was unaware of these fees beforehand.
why is there a fee associated with card use?
what is this fee showing up in my account for?
i got charged for with a fee for paying with my card.
why am i being charged a fee on a card payment?
is there a  way to  get around fees
i noticed an extra fee when i paid with my card.
you advertise no fee when paying with a card then my statement shows a fee.
there was an extra fee when i paid with my card, why was i charged this extra fee?
why was there an additional fee on the payment i just made? i don't usually have additional fees applied to my payments.
what is this extra charge with my purchase?
hello! i randomly got charged an extra fee today as i was shopping online and i have no idea why! are there extra fees for card payments? or am i missing something here?
please explain the extra fee when i paid with the card.
when do you charge fees on accounts? i just saw a charge on my statement.
after i used my card i saw i was charged a fee for using it
is there an allowance on cards?
why am i being charged a hidden fee?
can you explain why i was charged extra when i used the card?
why did i get charged a fee on my card?
do you have charges now when you pay with a card?
what is the extra fee that was added when i used the card?
why am i charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
why am i being charged a fee for using my card? if there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that?
how can i tell if there will be a fee added to my payment or not?
you promised no fees but now i've got one. what the hell!?
how do i know which payments i make will have additional fees? where can i find this information online?
i am worried that too much time has gone by for a transfer to be completed.
what is the time frame that it usually takes for a transfer to come through? i have a friend needing it immediately but it has yet to come through.
my money transaction can't be seen by the person i sent it to
how long does it typically take a transfer to go through?  i sent some money to a friend earlier today, and she really needs it.  it still is a pending transfer, even though i sent it a few hours ago.
i have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, i've checked that already.
i have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. can you please check what's going on with that, the account number is the right one, i've checked that several times already.
my money transaction hasn't arrived.
i sent money to a person and they haven't received the payment yet.
i do not know where the transaction is.
i transferred money but the recipient does not see the funds in their account?
why hasn't a transaction to a friend cleared yet?
the app isn't showing my transactions
why isn't the recipient seeing the transaction? i just sent the money.
i transferred money and it didn't get there.
is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction
i don't see the transaction i made to a friend on my account.
why has a transaction to a friend been delayed?
a transaction i did to my friend hasn't arrived yet, why?
where is my last money transaction
i am having an issue with an in country transfer i did a few days ago. it has yet to appear in my account. i have checked to be sure that all account information is correct multiple times. what is taking the transfer so long?
i made a transfer the day before yesterday within this country. it is still not showing up at all. i have double-checked and the account number is certainly right. i've actually type this multiple times. can you look into what is going on here?
how much time do transfers typically take? i sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. it's been hours and has not gone through.
a transaction to a friend still hasn't shown up.
i sent money and the recipient has not received their money after two weeks.
how long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
i sent a payment but it isn't showing up in the app
i tried to transfer some money and it hasn't done it yet - what's going on?
i made a transfer and they haven't received the money i sent them.
how long does it take to transfer money, my retailer is waiting
i sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it, what's going on?
how long does it take for transfers to process?  i sent funds to a friend, and she says that she has not yet received anything.
why hasn't the transaction i did to my friend arrive yet?
i sent money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
i am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
my cash transaction isn't showing on my account
why hasn't my transaction arrived?
when are you going to transfer the money?
i have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  i definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
i need to check status as my friend hasn't got money i sent.
how long do transfers typically take? is there a way of speeding the process up? my friend needs the money i sent her desperately.
wheres my money receipt
money is not in recipients account.
how long does it take for money to transfer?  i sent some to a friend and it hasn't gone through yet.
why hasn't the transaction i did to my friend arrived yet?
how much time do transfers take? i sent money to a friend who needs it fast. it's been hours, and the money has not gone through.
how long should a transfer normally take to process completely? i have a friend that needs it right away, but it's already been 2 hours and she hasn't received it.
my friend says he hasn't received my transaction
what is the length of a transaction completion?
i transferred some cash and it has not arrived yet.
i need to transfer some money to a friend who is in urgent need of some fast cash. how long will it take before she can use that money?
two days ago i did a transfer to another account within the country.  it doesn't appear the transfer went through.  i have verified the account number several times.  could you please check on this for me?
where did the money transfer go?
when will the transaction be done?
i transferred some money to my mom 2 days ago and she has not received it. i double checked the information and it looks right. can you help me?
why is it taking so long for a transfer to complete!
why is my transfer taking so long to complete?
i am just waiting for the transaction to be completed.
how long do i have  to wait for my transaction to be completed?
i did a money transaction and the recipient doesn't see it
why hasn't my friend received the money i sent them yet?
i sent money for my rent to my landlord but she is claiming it hasn't arrived in her account  can you trace the transfer i made to make sure it arrived so i can provide proof i sent it and that it has been deposited?
why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
still waiting for transfer to be completed.
i transferred some money but it is not here yet
what do i do if i completed a money transfer but the recipient hasn't received it?
i have done a transfer within the country a couple days ago, but it's still not there yet. can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, i've checked that several times already.
i'm still waiting for my transaction.
why hasn't a transaction i did to my friend arrived yet?
i set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person i'm sending it to has not received it.  can you check where the money is?
my new landlord says he hasn't received the rent payment that i transferred a couple days ago. i've already checked the account numbers and they are correct. can you tell me what's going on with this transaction that the transfer isn't showing up on my landlord's end?
i can't see if the transfer i did a couple days ago is in my account yet. i double checked my info before sending, too. can you check this?
my transfer has not arrived.
how long does it take for the transfer to go through?
what happens when i money transaction doesn't show up on the receiving side?
i'm trying to make a payment to my new landlord. even though the payment was sent a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side. can you verify that payment has been made?
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer.
my friend has not got the money i sent last week.
why can't the person i sent the money transfer to see it?
the money has not yet been placed in recipients account.
i'm getting concerned here.  i sent a friend some money and she isn't seeing it.  what's going on?
i completed i transfer the day before yesterday in this country. the transfer still is not complete. i've checked on the account number multiple times to make sure that it is the right one. can you check to see what's going on with this?
i made a transfer for my rent payment about 2 days ago, but my landlord hasn't received it yet. it shows as done on my  side, and i've double check all account numbers and they are correct. can you verify that the transaction was actually made?
why hasn't arrived yet a transaction i did to my friend?
i'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
why hasn't my friend received the transaction?
i transferred money and it hasn't come yet
why hasn't my son received the transfer i sent to him earlier?
how long do money transfers take? my friend really needs the money i sent a couple of hours ago but it's not there yet.
why hasn't the money transfer arrived yet?
i have not received the completed transaction.
how long does it take for a transfer to arrive
how come my money hasn't shown up yet?
hello, a few days ago i transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. on my end everything looks fine and i double checked the account number. is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
why can't the recepient of my money transaction see it?
the recipient doesn't see the money transaction i made
how long will my transaction take?
how long should it take for a transfer to go through? i have been waiting a while.
i accidentally entered in my retailers information, what should i do next
i transferred some cash and it didn't arrive
where has my transferred money gone?
i tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week. i thought it would be there by now but i still don't see the money. can you check the status on my transfer?
is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
i've checked multiple times to make sure the account number listed is the right one after attempting to make a transfer within the country the day before yesterday. the transfer is still not available so can you please find out what is going on?
i transferred some money but it hasn't arrived.
why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
my transfer isn't in
i sent money to my family last friday but they don't have it.
when will i get my money? it's been too long.
why didn't my transfer get to the recipient?
i haven't received money from a transfer?
i transferred a payment a couple days ago and it shows done, but it has not been received.  could you please help me?
i payed my rent to my landlord a few days ago and he is saying the it never went though. everything looks good to me and i even double checked the account number. i don't know what could be causing the confusion. can you help me please?
my transaction has not been received. when are you going to process it?
hi, i sent my landlord my rent money a few days ago and while everything seems good on my end he says that he never got the money. i double checked the account number and it's correct. can you help me figure this out?
my cash transaction isn't showing on my receipt
my transfer hasn't arrived
i did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
i have a friend who needs money as soon as possibly. if i were to transfer it how long will it take to get to her?
why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
hi - i have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. the numbers are correct. can you confirm when that will go through?
i sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it yet
how long will it take to receive my money from my transfer transaction?
my transfer didn't arrive to the recipient
recipient has not received the money
the recipient can not locate funds.
why has my transfer not arrived yet?
my new landlord is a lier and is trying to rip me off by saying i've not paid my rent when i have paid my rent.  what is going on?  they say the money hasn't got to them but i see it going out of my account.  can you check that the money went to the right place?
i made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasn't received it yet.  what's the hold up?
|i moved out of my old house two weeks ago and cancelled my direct debit to my old landlord, this direct debit was working fine.  now i've moved in to a new place and set up a transfer to a new landlord but it's not reached her yet, can you check it please?
why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
the day before yesterday, i performed a transfer within the country. it still has not completed. can you check on that? the account number is definitely correct, as i've checked.
i have checked the account information several times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer i did a few days ago still has not appeared! what is the hold up?
i performed a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through? can you check on that? the account number is definitely correct, as i've checked.
the day before yesterday i transferred funds to another account within the country.  the funds have not yet arrived.  i double and triple checked the account number and it was correct.  why hasn't the transfer been completed yet?
why doesn't the person i sent money to see that transfer yet?
how long does it take for transfers to be approved?  i sent funds to my girlfriend, and she says that she has not seen any approved funds in her account.
how long will it be  before the person i sent money to is able to see it?
i'm still awaiting for the completion of the transaction.
what is the time for a transfer?
i dont see my reciept
why hasn't my transaction been completed?
i sent some money and the account hasn't recived the transfer i made.
i'm still expecting the transaction to be finished
i transferred some money to a friend of mine who urgently needs some money right now. how long will it take to get to her?
i sent a payment, but the person i sent it to says they don't have it
i have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, i've checked that several times already.
i need to verify a payment to my new landlord. i transferred the first rent payment a few days ago. while it shows on my side, the landlord is saying he hasn't received it yet. can you verify that it has processed?
i've been waiting since friday, where is my money?
i sent some money but the intended recipient says it hasn't arrived
could you please help me?  i made my rent payment and have double checked that i sent it to the right account.  the person receiving it says he has not received it but it shows complete on my side.
i just did a money transaction but its not showing they received it
why hasn't my transaction arrived to my friend yet?
i just transferred my friend money, but she hasn't received it yet, and it's been a few hours. can you tell me when to expect it to go through?
how long will my most recent transfer take to go through? the recipient needs the money urgently.
my recipient hasn't received the money
when will my transfer arrive
i just sent money but the person i sent it to doesn't see it. what happened?
why hasn't my transaction completed?
why hasn't the transaction i did arrive yet?
why isn't the transfer i made to a friend showing?
why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
how long will a transaction to a friend take?
why hasn't my in country transfer gone through yet? i confirmed the account info a couple days ago but the payment hasn't been posted yet.
i completed a transfer within the uk two days ago, but it is still not showing received.  i have verified the account number is correct already.  is there anything else i need to do or is there a problem?
how can i the person see my money transaction?
i sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. it has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. how long does it normally take?
the money i transferred didnt arrive
why is my transfer taking so long. i thought it was supposed to only take 1 day if i made a transfer to someone. can you wee what went wrong?
i sent some money to somebody a couple of hours ago, and they still have yet to receive it.  they really need the money, how much longer are they going to have to wait?
how long do transfers take? i sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. it's been hours and has not gone through.
how do i use american express to top up my account?
which currencies do you accept for adding money?
is my credit card supported for top-ups?
am i able to add money into my account using my american express?
can i use my american express card to add money into my account?
can you tell me what currencies i can use to add money?
i want to use my american express for adding money into my account.
with what currencies can i add money?
what are the acceptable currencies for adding funds?
how can i transfer money from american express card
what cards and currencies are accepted?
how can i top up my card with another card?
use my credit to add money
what types of currencies do you accept?
do you accept any card and currency?
can i use my mastercard to add money to my account
what types of cards and money do you accept?
how can i fund another account with my american express?
what currencies do you accept to add money?
how can i top up my account and which currency can i use?
will my other us credit card be accepted?
can i top up from a usa credit card
how can i get funds into my account from my american express?
which cards and currencies are supported?
what are the currencies and cards that are supported with my account?
what currency can i use to add money?
can i use a credit card from the us to top up?
why don't you accept american express for adding money to my account
can you tell me what cards and currencies you support?
which foreign currencies do you accept for adding money?
i only have one other credit card from the us. do you accept that?
what currencies are approved to add money?
i wish to use my american express to put funds into my account.
i have another card from the u.s. will you be able to accept that one?
i want to use a payment card to top up my account. how can i do this?
can i use american express?
i'd prefer to use my american express when putting funds into my account.
what currencies can i use?
what cards can i use to add money to my account
what currencies and methods can i use to top up my account?
is american express supported for adding funds?
do you accept credit cards from the us
can you accept my other card from the u.s.?  it is the only other one i have.
do you accept mastercard?
i am adding money, what currencies do you accept to do this?
which currencies do you handle?
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
are there certain cards and currencies you support?
why wont my american express work to add money
which currencies can i use to add money?
can i use any card and currency?
what kind of cards are supported?  what currency?
what us cards do you accept?  i only have 1 other.
i have a second credit card from the us. will you take it?
what cards do you accept to top up my account?
what currencies do you accept for adding money?
can i top off with a debit card?
i want to deposit funds, what payments are accepted?
are cards from the us accepted?
i'd like to use my american express to place money into my account.
please let me know what currency i can use to top up my account?
do you accept all cards and currencies?
i have one other credit card from the us. do you take that?
which credit card top-ups do you accept?
if i top up by card, what options do i have re: currency and card type?
what currencies are accepted to add money?
i want to add money to my card, what payments do you accept?
what are my payment options?
can i electronically transfer funds into my account from my american express?
can i top up my card with other cards?
i have one other credit card from the us. do you take it?
am i able to use my american express to add money to my account balance?
what are the cards and currencies that you support?
what us credit cards do you accept?
what currencies do you accept for adding money to my account?
i have an american express that i'd like to add money to my account with.
what forms of payment do you accept?
what type of card can i use to top up?
do you have a list of cards and currencies you support?
i want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
i have a us credit card, will you accept it?
what currencies and cards do you support?
how do i add money from my amex card to top up
what cards and currencies can i use to top up my account?
will you accept my credit card?
will you accept my credit card, it my only one.
if i want to add funds to the account using american express, how do i do that?
i just have one additional card from the usa. do you support that?
why doesn't it work when i use american express to try to add money to my account?
which cards are accepted for topping up?
what kinds of cards can i use to top up?
help me use american express to add money to the account.
what cards and currencies can i use?
what currency is acceptable for a top up?
what other credit cards can i use?
what payment methods are used to top up?
how can i add money from my amex card
i only have a card from the us is that okay?
is american express accepted?
which currencies do you work with?
can i use this app for any currency?
for adding money, which currencies do you accept?
how can i pay for top-ups?
is american express supported for adding money into my account?
can you tell me which cards and currencies are supported?
i would like to top up via credit card, which credit cards do you support?
i only have one more us credit card, is it accepted?
if i want to topup by card, how do i do it?
i want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
i want to top up by card, what do you support?
can i add funds  with a card from the united states
i want to top up my account. what payment methods are supported?
how can i use my american express to add money into my account?
what card or currency can i use to pay?
my card wants to be topped what do you guys support?
do you accept from usa credit card?
what currency can i use to pay for a top up?
do you have a list of the cards and currencies supported?
what are the various currencies and cards that you offer support for?
what currencies can be used for top up?
do i have to top up in euros if i use a card, or can i use a different currency?
what cards do you support
what are the currencies that are accepted to add money?
what kind of cards an currency do you support?
which cards do you support for top up?
top up my card please, which y'all support?
do you accept us credit cards?
i need to know if you will accept my credit card.
i want to add funds to my account. what payment methods are accepted?
i would like to order a virtual card, where can i get one?
i need to order a new virtual card, how do i do that?
how can i sign up for a virtual card?
i haven't received my virtual card yet!!
can you give me a virtual card?
i want to get my hands on one of those virtual cards!
i need a virtual card
how do i get to the virtual cards?
want to know how to get virtual card
where is my virtual card?
where are the virtual cards?
is it possible to order a virtual card?
how to i go about getting my virtual card
i don't have a virtual card - how do i get one?
how to receive virtual card?
why haven't i gotten a virtual card yet?
where do i order a virtual card?
can i have a virtual card?
please explain to me the process of getting a virtual card.
my virtual card has not came yet!
which part of the app do i order virtual cards from?
where do i have access to a virtual card?
how to order a virtual card
where do i get a virtual card?
why haven't i been given a virtual card yet?
can you help me find the virtual card?
how do i go about getting hold of a virtual card?
where's my virtual card
how can i go about ordering a virtual card?
where can i find the virtual card?
i'd rather not use my physical card, how can i get a virtual card?
what do i have to do to get my virtual card?
can i use my app to get a virtual card
how can i obtain a virtual card?
i'm interested in getting a virtual card.  how do i get one?
what is the way to go about getting a virtual card?
how can i receive a virtual card?
when will my virtual card arrive?
how do i get my virtual card?
how to get virtual card
what is the best way to get my virtual card?
i need to make a purchase online, where is my virtual card?
i look but i see no virtual card. why is that?
hello, what is a virtual card and how do i get one?
how come i did not get a virtual card yet?
how many virtual cards can i have, i want 8
how do i get a virtual card on my device?
how do i access the virtual card?
i'd like more info on getting a virtual card.
do i get to have one of those virtual cards i've heard about?
where can i have a virtual card
i would love one of the virtual cards!
i would like to order a virtual card.
i have yet to receive my virtual card
how long will it take to receive a virtual card?
why have i not received a virtual card yet?
i can't find the virtual card
can you assist me in acquiring a virtual card?
i want one of the virtual cards!
how come i didn't get a virtual card yet?
and do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
how do i go about getting a virtual card?
when will i get a virtual card? i haven't gotten one yet
where can i order my virtual card?
where can virtual cards be ordered?
how can i locate the virtual card?
how long do you have to wait to see your virtual card your ordered?
i want to get a virtual card!
how to access my virtual card
where can i sign up for a virtual card?
where do i go to receive a virtual card
are there virtual cards
please let me know how to place an order for a virtual card
i ordered a virtual card but it hasn't come through yet
is there a way to get a virtual card?
i haven't received my virtual card yet, do yo know why?
why hasn't my virtual card arrived?
what is the virtual card and how can i get one?
i have lost my card, but need to place an online order! how do i get a virtual card instantly?
i've got to have one of those virtual cards.
where is my virtual card located?
why have i not yet received my virtual card?
where would i order a virtual card?
i need to order a new card, can you please direct me to the virtual cards?
i need my virtual card
i haven't received my virtual card.
how do i receive a virtual card?
i heard you have virtual cards. how do i get one?
i would like a virtual card...how do i get one?
explain the virtual card
i'd like like to know where i can order a virtual card?
what is a virtual and how do i get one
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
is there a way to order a virtual card on the website?
is there an alternative to a physical card?
please tell me how i can get a virtual card.
i did not get my virtual card yet, why?
where do i find a virtual card?
is there anywhere i can't use my card?
in which stores can i shop with this card?
how do i know where i can use my card?
can i tell what business will take this card?
are there businesses that don't accept this card?
is the card welcomed by everybody?
do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
what businesses accept this card?
what retailers accept my card?
this card is accepted by what businesses?
will this card work all over the world?
what is the atmosphere of it
what kind of businesses will take my card?
where do i pay with my debit or credit card?
can i pay online with my card?
do you know which businesses will accept my card?
who accepts the card?
you accepts my card?
is my card accepted anywhere?
is my card denied anywhere?

where can i use my card?
where can i use my mastercard?
where is card accepted
where can i pay with my card?
where can my card be used?
is my card valid everywhere?
which establishments will accept my card?
are there limits to businesses that will accept this card?
any place that takes mastercard would be fine.
is there a list of where i can use my card?
what are the limits to where my card will be accepted?
can i use my card wherever i want?
where can i use my card to pay?
are there any limits to were my card is accepted?
can i use my card while on vacation overseas?
are there any places that won't take my card?
which merchants accept my card?
you can use it anywhere that accepts mastercard.
is there restrictions on where i can use my card?
can i use my card for online payments?
are there limits as to where my card will be accepted?
where do i pay with my card?
which merchants accept this card?
are there any restrictions to where i can use my card?
at what places accept my card?
in what places can i use my card?
what places accept my card?
can i use my card no matter where i go?
will my card work at all merchant locations?
how can i know where my card will be accepted?
can i pay with my card anywhere?
can i use my card anywhere?
where can i use this card?
what businesses can i use this card with?
do all businesses take this card?
where is this card accepted?
what businesses accept my card?
can i use this card at any store?
are there any restrictions on where i use this card?
my top up did not show up as shown and my money has disappeared, can you help me fix this glitch problem?
has my top-up been cancelled?
i topped up recently and saw the money go through, but now it's just gone? what's going on
for what reason did my top-up get cancelled?
i think my top up has been reverted
has my top-up gone through?
i went to top up my card and it was cancelled.
i didn't cancel my top-up.
i have a reverted top up i made and wanted to know why it didn't go through.
i believe my top up was reverted.
my money is gone. i had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
hello, i have tried using crypto top up but it is not working. i had some money in my account but i'm not sure what happened
why did my top up get reverted?
what caused my top-up to be returned?
what happened to my top-up? it was all done and now it's gone! are you having problems with your system?
why was my top up reverted?
seems like my top-up has been cancelled
seems like my top up has been cancelled
my money has disappeared. i had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. now it's gone. what is happening?
something is wrong, my top-up is gone and i don't know what happened to my money.
my money is nowhere to be found? i talked up earlier and seen it. now it has vanished. what is going on?
my top-up was cancelled and i am writing to ask if i need to complete the 3d secure authentication section before i submit it.
how come i can't put money in my top up account?
why has my top-up been reverted?
my top up was reverted. can you help?
my top-up was supposed to be done, but now the money is gone! is there a glitch in your system?
why would my top up be reverted?
i tried to make a top-up and it was canceled, why is that?
did you revert my top up?
the app declined my top up. what did i do wrong?
is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
i think you reverted my top up.
i need someone to find out where my money has gone to? it has disappeared. i completed a top up earlier and seen it had went through. since it has now disappeared i need to know what's going on.
for some reason, the money i added was returned.
why didn't my top up work?
i went to look at my top-up and it was canceled, can you tell me why this happend?
how does my top-up got cancelled?
did you lose my money? i had added funds through top-up not long ago and i know they were in my account, but they seem to have disappeared. what happened?
what happened to my top-up? i think it was cancelled.
why did my top-up get reverted?
why won't my top up go through?
please explain why the funds i added were returned to my account.
why isn't top-up working? my top-up money disappeared after i saw that it was successfully transferred. is it gone? where did it go?
my money is gone. i had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what is happening?
i did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance. i think there is some problem in system.
i put some money in my account the other day but now its gone? why is this?
my thoughts were that you offered crypto top up which does not seem to be working. the money has now been taken from my account. what is the problem here?
my money is gone :( i had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
i think my top up may have been reverted, what do i do?
what is the status of my top up?
when i top-up, the app reverts it.
why has my top up been cancelled
what's the problem? i thought you offered crypto top up. this doesn't appear to be working at all. my money has now vanished from my account.
i thought you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be right ? money just disappeared from my account, how it would work ?
why is my top-up showing as cancelled?
why does my top-up get cancelled?
what i topped up was reverted by the app.
i was checking my statement and my top-up has been reverted
my money is gone. i had topped up recently and saw it was there, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
my top up was rejected. why?
i wanted to know why a top-up i made has been reverted.
what should i do?  i topped off but the app reversed  it.
i thought crypto top up with something you offer. this is not working. the money has been deducted from my account. can you find out what's going on?
hi, i have done a topup, but my money was reverted. please look into this issue.
my top-up has been reverted and i would like to know why.
how can i tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
when i topped up the app has seemed to reverted it.
i think my top up was reversed.
i refilled my account balance but got an error message.
my money's disappeared from my account! i topped up the other day and it was there, but now it's not. help?
why is my top-up showing as reverted?
my top-up was cancelled, could my bank be the problem?
hi,accordingly you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working? money just disappeared from my account.what should be done now?
why did you revert my top-up?
my topup got reverted. please let me know if there is any issue in system.
my top-up was reverted by the app.
why was my top up cancelled?
how do i tell if my top up was reverted?
top up cancellation
i was under the impression that you offer crypto top up; however,  it doesn't appear to be working. the money has now disappeared from my account so i need to know what the deal is?
i topped up and now my money is not there anymore! what happened to it?
explain why my top up has been reverted please.
if my top-up didn't transfer, what went wrong?
why has my money disappeared? i topped up earlier and seen it was there and had went through. what seems to be the problem?
my top up may have been reverted
hi there, i came across a problem with my top up and my money is missing, was there a system error?
what caused my top up to be reverted?
i got an cancellation error when i was topping up.
why didnt my top up go through
when i topped up the app reverted it.
why was my top-up declined?
why wasn't my top-up accepted and where did that money go? at first it said it was confirmed but now i can't find it.
the app reverted my top up
why has my top-up been returned to my account?
i topped up but the app declined it
the app reverted after i topped-up
i'm having an issue with transaction. i topped up my account and saw it went through, but that was a few days ago and the money isn't in my account any more. what's up with that?
why did my money disappear when i topped up??
i have a canceled top-up and wanted to know about it.
what reasons could cause my top up to be reverted
why isn't my top up showing?  was the money reversed?
what if my top up is reverted?
i need to know what's going on. i was under the impression you offered cryto top up which doesn't seem to be working and money has just vanished from my account.
i got notified that my top up has been reverted. why?
i need some help, i thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? it won't seem to let me do it. i put money in my account and now it's gone and i didn't spend it. where did it go??
my top-up was just cancelled.
can you explain to me why a top up would be reverted?
i topped up but my money is not showing. why is that?
my automatic top-up was unsuccessful
it looks like my top-up was cancelled
hello. i tried doing a topup and i thought it worked, but now the money is no longer in my account. can you explain?
reasons for top up cancellation.
please help me, as my topup amount has been reverted, i did it correctly. i think there is some defect in system.
do you support top ups?
why did my top-up not go through?
explain why my top up would be reverted.
why did you revert my top up?
i thought crypto top up with something you offered and it does not appear that it's working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. can you tell me what's going on?
is there a reason for my top up to be cancelled?
the app reversed a top off i had.  what should i do?
what happened to the money that i deposited?
what's the deal? money has just disappeared out of my account. i thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
tell me how a top up would be reverted.
i noticed that the funds were returned to my bank account. what happened?
why have my top ups been canceled?
what did you do with my money??? i just topped up, i saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! what did you do with it?
i want to know why my top-up was reverted
i am unable to use my top-up on the app. could you explain this to me?
so, i was under the impression that you have an offer for crypto top up. this doesn't seem to be working. now, the money has just disappeared from my account. what is the deal?
my money disappeared! please help??
hello there, i tried using crypto top up today but it's not working for me, might it be due to the kind of bank i'm using or the country that i'm from?money is also missing from my account
it appears my top-ups have been canceled.
do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? because when i tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. im not sure what to do or what i'm doing wrong, please help.
i attempted to complete a topup, and i thought all was well, but now the money is gone again. has there been a glitch?
my money has gone missing. i had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. now it's missing. what is happening?
i tried to add a topup to my account but the money isn't there, anymore. did i do something wrong?
it's only been a few weeks my my top-up got cancelled
hi, i just topped up my phone and the money was deducted but it seems to have deducted the same amount again! please help!
explain top-up cancellation
why did my top up get pulled back out?
why has my top up been returned?
hello,  i have recharged topup but account is not credited. please help me in this, i guess there is some defect in system.
reverted top up
hae, i already completed my 3d secure authentication when i tried the crypto top up but it's still not working for me. i also don't understand what happened to the money in my account
can you tell me why my top-up was canceled?
why did my top-up not get approved this time?
why is my last cheque deposit taking so long?
i am still waiting for a the cash i deposited this morning
i tried using a check to update my balance, but it isn't work? is something wrong?
i deposited cash but it isn't showing up in my account
i put some cash into my account but it's not displaying that on my balance.
why hasn't my cash been deposited yet?
hi, i want to inquire about my balance. some cash was deposited and it hasn't updated yet.
i deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it posted yet in my account. why is that? can you look into it?
i made a deposit a couple of days back it's, as of yet, not gone in! it would be ideal if you assist me with this
the cheque i sent a few days ago has not been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
cash and check deposit has not gone thru
my balance has not changed, despite depositing a cheque
why did my cash deposit not show up?
why is my money not in my account. i have already sent it out.
i placed a cash deposit in my account but i can't see it yet.
i'm not seeing my cash deposit showing up in my account.
last week i put a cash deposit into my account and it is still isn't there.
i checked the app and my balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
i put some money in my account the other day and it's not gone in yet, can you help with this?
i did a cash deposit to my account but it doesn't show up
i can't see my cash deposit in my account.
i deposited money in the form of a cheque, but my balance has not increased.
where is the cash deposit i made?
i can't figure out why i haven't gotten my cash, when i already put the check in the bank.
why is my deposit still pending?
i made a cash deposit and the balance wasn't updated.
i did a cash deposit to my account but my balance is still the same. what happened?
i just deposited cash to my account and can't find it!
online banking is not showing my cheque or cash deposit so the balance is incorrect.
i need help. i updated my balance with a check yesterday and im not seeing it. can you look at my account to see what went wrong?
when will my cheque be processed?
what happens if i deposit a cheque accidentally?
why isn't my cheque deposit showing on my account?  i though it would be faster and would like to to look into it and help.
when will my deposit from this morning show up?
i tried updating my balance by cheque yesterday but it doesn't seem to be working. shouldn't that be faster? please check my account something has gone wrong there.
where is my missing cheque i deposited?
my balance doesn't show my deposit.
my account balance doesn't reflect an update i made by cheque yesterday. is something wrong or is the system slow?
i made a deposit and the balance hasn't been updated.
i have yet to receive the cash i added to my account this morning.
why isn't my cash deposit showing up in my account?
i deposited some cash but it hasn't shown up in my account yet, what's going on?
i deposited a cheque but the cash hasn't arrived yet
i've already sent the money out and still have not received money in my account.
i have made a recent check and cash deposit that isn't reflected in my balance.
i placed a cheque but the funds aren't there
the cheque i sent to you to have deposited a couple days ago has not cleared in my account yet. what is the issue?
the balance has not changed, but i have deposited some money
i am worried about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before. as i have already sent you the cheque.
i need my account checked because it appears there is a problem. i attempted to update my balance yesterday using cheque but it doesn't seem to have worked.  should this not be faster than this?
i've deposited a check but the cash isn't showing that it's there yet.
waiting for the cash i deposited this morning still
i put cash in my account, but i don't see it.
where did the money i deposit go??
i submitted a cheque couple of days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.what could be the possible issue?
i made a cash deposit a few days ago and it's still not reflected in my account. do you know what might have happened?
why is the cash not showing in my account for the check i deposited?
when will the check i deposited post to my account?
how do i see my updated balance after i make a cheque or cash deposit?
why isn't my deposit in my account?
where is my cash deposit in my balance?
dude i put money in the atm last week but it ain't there! i need the money now figure this out!
i deposited cash this morning, but it's not showing up in my account. can you tell me where's my money?
how long does it take for a cheque to post to your account?
why has my account balance not changed after depositing a cheque?
where is the cash i deposited?
why is my balance still the same after a cheque deposit?
why is my check still not showing up on my account? it's been a week already
why isn't my balance updating after depositing cheques and cash.
my cash deposit isn't in my account. what happened?
i updated by balance with a cheque yesterday but it isn't showing on my account. did something go wrong?
i sent you a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that nothing has happened yet. can you tell me the status of my cheque please?
why isn't my deposit showing up?
my balance was not updated with my checque or cash deposit.
help! i'm missing money, i deposited a cheque but its not showing on my balance.
my cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account. can you help me please?
i made a deposit but it is not showing up in my balance.
i sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account. can you please tell me the situation of my account?
the cheque i deposited isn't showing in my account
my check or cash deposit has not shown up
why isn't my cash deposit showing up in my account? i deposited it this morning.
i deposited a cheque, why isn't my balance showing that i did?
why hasn't my cash arrived from a deposited check?
i put money in my account a week ago but its still not there, what is happening?
i made a cash deposit, but it hasn't shown up in my balance yet.
when will i see my cash, since i already deposited my check?
hi,  my money has not been credited to my account for which i have sent you cheque few days before. i am worried about the money please let me know the status.
i haven't seen the cash yet from the cheque i deposited.
i've deposited a check in my account but the cash isn't showing as available.
i sent a cheque to you a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. i need this money, what is the problem?
what's going on with my balance? shouldn't it be a bit higher since i deposited a cheque a day ago?
why am i not seeing the check i deposited this morning in my account?
do you guys accept cash? because i deposited some this morning and i can't see it in my account.
my cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
i had a cheque deposited, but i don't see my money yet?
my balance is not right. it has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
after i deposited my cash, i still don't see it in my account.
i made a cash deposit going to my account but it is not there
i deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it in my account. i need the money, is there something wrong with my account? check it out please
my cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
i still do not see the cash deposit in my account from last week. why?
when will my cheque process?
i deposited a check, but haven't received the funds for it.
after depositing a cheque my balance did not change.
cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't came through.
i deposited a cheque a week ago but have yet to receive the cash.
i put money into my account in the form of a cheque, but my balance did not change.
i deposited cash into my account a week ago and it is still not available, please tell me why? i need the cash back now.
my mother deposited a cheque into my account last week, why is it still not showing up?
why hasn't my balance been updated from the check deposit i made?
where is the money i put in the bank?
i haven't received the cash from the check i deposited.
after trying to update my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to working. shouldn't the process be quicker? i need my account looked at because there appears to be a problem.
is there an issue with my account?  i don't see a cheque deposit that i made yesterday.  please assist.
even though i made a cash deposit, i am not seeing it in my account.
i put money in my account a week ago but its still not there?? what happened to my money?
why did the cash deposit not show up in my account?
what is going on? my balance still hasn't updated and it has been two weeks since i deposited my money!
i deposited cash into my account, why do i not see it?
can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
why is my cash deposit not in my account?
why isn't my money from a check deposit showing?
i put my check in the bank, but i haven't gotten my cash yet?
how long should a cheque deposit take to show? my account hasn't updated and i want to make sure everything is okay.
i used a check check yesterday to balance my account and it isn't showing up?
i recently deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. what's going on?
my friend deposited $100 into my account, but it is not showing up!
the cash deposit i made this morning has not been credited to my account
i did a cash deposit to my account, but i am not seeing it on my statement.
i deposited a cheque but i don't see the funds in my account.
when will my deposit post to my account?
i am still waiting for the cash to be returned from a cheque i deposited!
how long does it take to show a deposit i made to my balance?
i deposited cash into my account and i'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
i wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but i don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  is it being held up for some reason?  i should have seen a new balance by now!
how long do cheques take to post to your account?
i deposited money but my balance hasn't been updated yet.
i deposited cash this morning, but it is not yet available.
i have cash deposit to my account but it is experiencing a problem
how long will it take for the cash i deposited this morning to show up?
the cast deposit from a week ago still is not in my account. why?
why is the check i deposited this morning not showing up?
how long do deposits take to appear? i've been waiting for more than a week and need the money!
when will my deposit be processed?
i am still awaiting the money i put into my account this morning.
why am i still not able to see the money i deposited a week ago? this is urgent!!
i deposited a check a few days ago and it's still not gone in! please help me with this
i made a check and cash deposit that wasn't credited to my account.
i deposited a check yesterday to up my account balance, but that deposit hasn't shown up yet.  it's been a day already!
why hasn't my cheque processed?
i am still currently waiting for the cash that has been deposited into the account this morning.
i sent a check into the system but still haven't received the cash yet
i recently deposited a cheque and cannot find the cash from it.
when will i receive the cash payment from the check i deposited?
my cheque is slow to cash
i attempted to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance isn't showing today. is it still pending?
why haven't i seen the cash from the cheque i deposited yet?
my cheque is taking a while
i made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
the check i deposited yesterday isn't listed yet.  isn't that pretty slow?  i need to see the balance increased by that check.
where is my money from this morning
why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account? i have been waiting a week!
i deposited a cheque, but the balance hasn't changed yet.
my account balance has not updated since i deposited a cheque recently.
how long does a check take to show up in the account balance?
what is going on with my cash deposit. i'm looking at my account balance and it is not there. it has been almost a week. someone better get back to me asap.
why hasn't my account updated?
i haven't received the money from the check i deposited.
i deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasn't changed.
i deposited a cheque, but my account balance stayed the same.
why hasn't my balance been updated? i've deposited a few cheques some days ago!
why hasn't my cash arrived yet from my cheque?!
i made a check deposit but the cash hasn't arrived in my account yet.
the balance hasn't changed yet after depositing a cheque with some money.
what happened to my cash deposit?
please, tell me why i can't have the funds i deposited a week ago? i need the money now.
after my checque or cash deposit, my balance didn't update.
when will my balance reflect a deposit?
i made a cash deposit to my account but it is not there
i deposited a cheque and its been days and i still haven't received the cash!!
i deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
there's a payment with my card that i didn't perform. i don't know that name shown.
my statement indicates i made a payment to an unfamiliar merchant.
there's a payment with my card that i definitely didn't do myself, never seen that name before.
help! in the app there is a payment that i don't remember.
i don't understand where this charge came from.
there is a charge i dont recognize
i need to figure out what these charges are on my account. they've been coming out for a couple of days. can i get all of this money back? also, i need to freeze my card.
someone might have access to my card!  there are some strange payments showing up on my account.  what do i do?
there are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. what's going on with this, does someone has access to my card?!
i'm using the app and i noticed a payment that i didn't make.
a strange card payment, i do not recognize it.
they is a payment i don't recognize on my statement.
i have an unusual payment in my statement
i do not recognize the card payment.
hi something is going on with the app.  i see some payments i didn't make?
if i see a payment in the app that i don't recognize, what should i do?
i do not recognise the card payment.
there are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. what's happenning with this, does someone has access to my card?!
just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't done by me. can this be reversed and my card be frozen? i can't have this continue!
i need some help now please! there are some transactions on my account that i do not remember purchasing. can they be reversed? can you please cancel or freeze my card so i don't keep getting charged?!
my statement contains an unknown payment
i don't recognize what this payment on my statement would be for.
there has been a payment  in the app that has not be done by me.
i don't recognize a purchase that was made with my card.
i'm checking the app and i see a payment that's not mine.
i have a charge for something i didn't buy.
a payment on my statement is wrong.
there's a payment that isn't mine on my app
what is this strange payment in my account?
i'm not sure where this charge came from.
i looked at my statement and found a payment i and found a mistake.
a payment in my account was made by someone i don't know
i don't recognize this payment on my app, i am sure i didn't spend any money there.
there are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that in reality i didn't make. maybe someone has access to my card?can you check whats the issue ?
there is payment showing that i didn't do.
payment i didn't do.
why is there a random payment in my statement?
hi, there is a suspicious payment from my card. i definitely do not know who this is or who could have made this payment.
a payment i didn't do shows in my app
there is  a charge i don't recognize.
i'm noticing a payment/purchase at a company that i don't recognise.
there seems to be a couple of payments listed in the app i know weren't made by me. is there a possibility someone has access to my card? can you find out what's going on?
i need to freeze my card as soon as possible. i just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that i don't recognize over the course of a few days. can we investigate and get my money back?
there are some charges that i don't recognize.  it happened days ago.  can i get these charges back?  should i cancel my card?
please help.  there is a payment in the app that isn't mine.
i am seeing in the app a payment that its not mine
there's a payment in the app i don't recognize.
hello, i just checked my statement and there seems to be a payment from my card that i have never seen before.
there is a card payment i'm not familiar with.
there is a strange payment on my card and i don't know what to do.
is it possible someone has access to my card? i noticed that there are a couple of payments in the app i'm sure i did not make. can you find out what's going on here?
there are some card payments that i haven't done myself. what is going on with my card and does somebody else have access to my card?
i have a payment in my statement that is off
i did not do this payment
i've never been to that store.  that's a fraudulent charge.
there are charges on my card from the past few day i am pretty sure i didnt make, can you please freeze it for me? how do i get my money returned since it wasnt me?
i have a payment i didnt make on my account
there were a couple of payments that i have noticed on my account with my card that i didn't make. is it possible that somebody else has my card information?
there is an unauthorized payment in my statement.
there are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really make myself. what's going on with this, maybe someone has access to my card?!
i don't recognize this payment at all!  help!
there is a record of payment i never submitted on the app.
i just looked over my statement and i don't recognize the name of a card payment.
i didn't make a payment at this business.
there is a payment on my card that i do not recognize.  i've never seen the name on the transaction before.
why do i have a strange payment on my statement?
i didnt do this charge
i did not charge my account for that transaction.  that's an error.
there is a payment that is not mine in the app.
i see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
why is this payment on my app
there is a payment i don't recognize
this card payment isn't is recognition.
why do i have an unknown payment?
payment i did not make.
i just saw some charges on my card from the past days that i dont recognize, i need to freeze the card asap! will i be able to get my money back?
there are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. what's going on with this?
why is there a payment i didn't do in my app?
i have a payment that i didn't make.
the app is showing a payment i never made.
i checked the app and there is a payment that i don't recognize.
how do i find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
i need to figure out who has access to my card there are some payments i didn't make that are showing on the app.  could you please help?
there is a strange payment on my card.
i've got charges on my account i did not authorize. can i get this money back from the last couple of days that it's been coming out? i also need to freeze my card.
there is a payment made with my card that i don't recognize at all.
i saw a payment come out of my account for a merchant i don't remember.
there's a payment with my card that i definitely didn't create. i don't know anyone by that name.
the app shows a fraudulent payment made on my account.
there's a payment in my history i don't recognize
there is a payment on my card that i do not recognize.
my app shows a payment i didn't make
i don't know if i made this payment on my card.
after looking at the app i noticed a couple of payments i know i did not make. is it possible someone has accessed my card? what is actually going on?
i do not recongize a payment in my account.
a payment shows up on the app that i never made.
i swear that there are 2 payments on the app that i didn't make.  could my card me stolen?  please advise what i should do.
is there any way to know how the transaction got on my account?
i did not make this payment that i see in the app.
i have a card payment i didn't make
i disagree with a charge
i didn't make this payment!
there is a payment in the app i did not make
there is a vendor name i don't recognize on a payment from my account. i don't think i made this payment.
i don't think i made this payment that is showing up
i think there's a purchase at a store that i didn't go to.
have a payment that i haven't done.
there was a purchase on my card recently to a name that i don't recognize at all. what can be done about this? i need my money back.
one of my card payments, i don't recognise the name of the merchant.
hello, i noticed there is a payment from my card to a business that i am not familiar with. i definitely did not make this payment.
i do not recognise this card payment.
i have a card payment that i don't recognize. what should i do?
there are a couple payments with my card shown that i'm not responsible for. what is going on? maybe someone has access to my account.
there is a payment with my card which i definitely did not do.
my app is displaying a payment i didn't make
i just checked my account on the app and there is a payment on there that i did not make.
could you please put a freeze on my card?  there are some payments on it that i don't know where they came from.
in the app i see a payment that is not mine.
there is a payment with my card which i definitely did not make by me .never seen that it before.
i didn't make this payment and it's on my app
why is there an uknown charge showing on my account?
i think that there is a payment on my card that i did not authorize.  i don't recognize the name attached to the transaction.
i don't think i made this transaction on my statement
there is a weird payment in my statement.
a random charge got added to my card
i need to freeze my card. there are charges on there that i did not authorize. they've been coming out for a couple of days. can i get this money back?
i see a strange payment in my account.
where is my unknown payment from?
i have just read my statement and there is a payment i don't recognise.
there's a card payment i didn't make
there are a couple payments with my card displayed in the app which i didn't make. what is happening? maybe someone has access to my card.
i'm worried that my card has been compromised because i see a payment that i didn't make.
i didn't do a payment and i have it now.
how do i dispute a payment i didnt make
there is a payment in the app that i did not approve
i don't recognize a charge on my statement.
there is a strange card payment i don't recognise.
i believe there is a mistake because a payment i didn't make shows in my app.
there are a couple payments with my card in the app i see that i didn't create. what is happening? maybe someone gained access to my account.
i'm not recognizing the card payment.
there's a card payment with a name i don't recognize
there is a payment done with my card which i definitely did not do.never seen that name before.
why is there a payment i didn't do?
someone else accessed my account and made a payment.
i have an odd payment in my statement
there is a fraudulent payment!
why is there an unknown card payment?
i don't recognize this payment
i need to know where this charge is coming from?
i see a payment on my statement for  a place i didn't make a purchase at.
there is an odd payment in my statement
there are a few payments in the app that i didn't make! does someone else have my card?  what should i do?
i need help with some transactions in my account that i dont recognize or remember purchasing. im not sure if the name is just different or what. should my card be put on hold while the issue gets figured out to be safe or is it ok?
i have a confusing payment appear on my statement and i don't recognise it!
my statement has a payment that i do not recall making
i think my card is being used by someone else to make purchases that i didn't authorize! i checked my account and see that there have been quite a few purchases over the last two days that i have no idea where they came from. we need to freeze my card now! and i need to find a way to get my money back.
what is this card payment, i do not recognize it.
i didn't make a payment that shows in my app.
what do i do if i see a transaction on my card that i don't recall making?
there's a payment in the app that i didn't authorize.
i have a charge i did not make.
on my statement there is a payment that i don't recognise
i need to cancel my card.  there are a few charges from a couple days ago that i didn't make.  can i get credit for these charges?
it is listed in my app that i made a payment which i did not actually make
i dont recognize a charge on my card
there are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. why is it happened?
a payment that i didn't make appears in my app.
there is a card payment that i'm not recognizing.
i am interested in changing my personal details.
i am here to change my adress.
i'd like to make some changes to my personal information.
i would like to change my name after marriage.
i would like to change my adress
my address is incorrect on my file.
my address details have changed and i want to update them
where do i go to edit my personal details on my account?
i need to change my name, since i just got married
i moved to a new city and need to change my address
how can i change my address?
my last name has changed and i need to update my account details.
where can i change my address?
how do i edit the personal details on my account?
details need to be modified
am i able to modify my account details?
how can i change my name because i just got married?
where can i find how to change my name?
i just moved. how do i give you my new address?
i need to change my address in the personal details.
why can't i edit my personal details?
i need to change details about my personal account.
i need to change my phone number.
how can i change my name in my profile?
i have a new phone number and need to edit my contact information.
how do i go about changing my address?
i need to change my personal details in my account.
my billing address changed and i need to update my information.
tell me how to change my details.
how do i change my account details?
how do i change the details in my account?
i would like to change my address.
i just had a wedding and i want to take my spouses name.
i got married and need to change my name.
need my details changed
i've just got married and want to change my name.
how do i edit my details?
i am looking to change my adress.
i need to change my last name on my account because i just got married.
after i got married i need to change my name
since i just got married i need to change my name.
i want to change my account details.
should i contact customer support if i can't edit details
need to report a change of address.
changed details is essential, what steps do i take to do so?
please tell me how to edit my personal details.
how would i change my details?
how can i change my information?
i need to add my new address now that i've moved.
i moved, can i edit my personal details?
how do i change my details?
my identity hasn't been verified and i can't edit my details, what's next
i need to change my home address.
i would like to alter my personal details.
can i change my details because i moved?
how to edit personal details?
please tell me where i can update my details since i moved.
how to change name on account
i need to update my demographics.
change of location, need to change details
how can i edit my personal details in the app?
i would like to change my personal details.
can you walk me through how i can edit some of my personal information?
how do i change my address ?
can i change my name?  i am not married.
since i got married, i need to change my name.
is it possible to change my address?
i need to modify my details.
is there a way to modify my details?
where can i modify my details?
i got a new address and need to change my old one.
how to modify my details.
my marital status has change, i got to correct my name to reflect that.
can i change my address?
i moved so i need to change my address. how do i do that?
i've just moved and i need to change my details
i've just been married and need to update my name
how do i change my name after marriage
i moved and would like to change my address.
talk me through modifying my details.
i just got married and need to change my name on the account
how do i update my address?
i just got married and i need to change my name
can i update my details?
i need to update my address.
is there a way to change name?
i must change my address.
how do i modify my details?
my address needs to be changed.
how do i input a new address?
can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
how would i be able to make changes to my personal details?
how do i edit my personal details?
not living in same place, need to change details
how can i update my personal information after moving?
i moved and need to change my address.
i moved and need to change my personal information.
where do i go to change my account details?
went somewhere else, need to change details
my details need to be changed, how can i do so?
how can i change to my married name?
how do i get into my account and edit my details
i would like to edit my personal information .
how do i modify my account details?
how do i change my name?
can i edit my personal details?
i need to change my contact information.
i need to update my phone number.
can i edit my details?
i got a new address and need to change my information.
i need to change my data.
what should i do after i've moved and need to update my personal details?
editing my personal details
where can i edit personal details?
how can i change my account details?
where do i go to update details?
i need to change my address
where can i modify my information?
how do i change my last name?
i have a new email.
how can i update my details since i moved?
why do you have an identity check?
i do not feel comfortable verifying my identity.
why on earth do you need so much personal id info from me?
do you know the reason for the identity check?
i answered so many questions about my identity. why do you need this info?
why do you have the identity check
is getting my identity verified required before i can use my account?
why are all my identity details required
i would like to know why so much identity information is required?
why do you need verification for my identity?
is the identity check part of bank policy?
why is identity verification required?
why is my identification required?
why are you asking so many questions about who i am
which identity details are required
can i use my account before the identity verification is complete?
should i complete my security verification before i can use my account?
why do you require identification documents
i already have an account. why can't i use it unless my identity is verified?
why does my identity need to be verified?
can i still use my account without verifying my identity?
what is the reason for the identity check
can i use my account although my identity verification has yet to pass?
i am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
what i need to verify my account
what if i don't verify my identity?
what are the reasons i have to proof my identity to you?
what's the reason for needing to verify my identity?
why does it matter that i prove my identity?
why should i have to prove my identity?
can i use my account before my identity verification has passed?
why do i need to verify my account?
why do you guys need to verify my identity?
why do i need to verify my identity?
if my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can i use my account?
is it really necessary to verify my identity?
why do you need so much information about me
can i use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
what is the function of the identity check
why is the identity check involved?
what is the purpose of requiring my identification?
my id verification hasn't gone through yet, but can i use my account anyway?
what is the first step i need to make for being able to access my account?
i want to use my account before identity verification
it's requiring me to verify my identity?
i don't want to use this method to identify myself.
why do you need my name and id
do i need to verify my identity before i can use my card?
can i go ahead and use my account even though my identify hasn't been verified yet?
do you think you're asking for too much information about me?
is identity verification required for me to use my account?
can i use my account although the identity verification has not been accepted yet?
i still want to use my account but haven't verified is that ok?
is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
why are you asking so many questions about me?
why do you need to know so much about me for my account?
how does identity check work?
why is it required to verify my identity?
what happens if i use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
can i make transfers before my identity verification?
what do you need my identity details for?
why do i need to have my identity verified?
can i use my account even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
what is with the need to have all my id information?
why is there an identify check?
why is there a verification to identity
why do you need me to verify who i am?
why check my identity?
i don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
i am still waiting for verification.  can i use my account before i am verified?
i refuse to verify my identity.
why do you need me to do an identity check?
i can't do the verification.
am i able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
is it possible to go ahead and log in, although i have not been confirmed yet?
can you explain more about why should i verify my identity?
can i use my card before identity verification?
why is there an identity check?
why do i have to give you my drivers license
i don't want to give you all my identify details.
am i supposed to verify my identity?
what is the purpose for verifying my identity?
what are you going to use my identification details for?
can i use my account without verifying identity?
why is checking my identity important?
must i verify my identity?
how do i speed up identity verification?
do i have to verify who i am?
why do you need to perform identity verification?
why am i being asked to verify my identity?
why is verifaction required for my identity?
do you need to know my first and last name?
i don't want to verify my identity
how to verify my identity
why does my identity need verification?
can i already use my account although the identity verification has not passed yet?
what is my identification used for?
is there anyway to bypass identity verification?
why do you need so much information about my identity?
what if i don't want to disclose all of my identity details?
my identity hasn't been verified.  can i use my account?
my identity verification hasn't passed yet is it possible to use my account?
can we skip verifying?
why do you need to check my identity?
why do you need to verify my identity?
i'm waiting for the id verification to go through still, so is it too soon to use my account?
what is the identity check for?
i keep being asked to verify my identity. is this normal?
why do you need so much id info from me?
what do you do with all the identity information you're collecting from me?
why is verification for my identity needed?
i'm not verifying my identity.
do you need my birthdate?
why is it important to verify my identity?
i need to proof my identity to you why and how?
is verifying my identify important?
why and how soon do i have to have proof of identity to you?
why do you need all these details about my identity?
what is identity check?
can i make transactions before identity verification?
i am afraid to give you all my identify details.
can you help me with proving my identity?
what proof do you need for my identification?
are there any reasons that my identity wouldn't be accepted even though everything i've provided is factual?
i am having some difficulty verifying my id.
i am not able to verify my id. why?
help me verify my identify?
i can't verify identity through the app.
i need help verifying my identity.
i'm having trouble proving my identity
why isn't my id verified?
this stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
the app is having trouble verifying my identity.
why is my identity not being verified?
you will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  if these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  you need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of switzerland or the european economic area to create an account.
the app does not know it is me.
my identity wasn't verified
help me verify my identification.
unsure how to provide my identity.
it can take between 10 minutes to an hour before you hear back from us about the verification result.  please try again if your verification fails.  make sure you double check that images are clear and all document photos are readable without blur or glare. you have to be 18 or older and live in the european economic area or live in switzerland to be able to open an account.
i can't upload my identification.
why isn't my id verifying?
how long does it take to prove my identity?
why am i not allowed to verify my id?
i am not able to prove my identity
the app failed to verify my id.
hearing back from us regarding your important verification results may take 10 minutes to one hour time.  if verification results do fail, double-check to make sure all of your images are clear --  make sure your photos have no glare or blurring. note: these photos need to be readable as well.  you also need to be 18 years of age or older.  you must be a resident of switzerland or the european economic area to open a new account.
i'm unable to verify my identity
my identity verification didn't work
i'm not able to verify my identity.
the app is not able to realize that it is me.
the app does not believe that i am myself
it won't let me verify my identity.
i am unable to prove my identity
i dont have identification
why isn't this accepting my identity?
the app won't identify me.
my identity can't be verified for some reason
my identity is unable to be verified.
i have no way to prove my identity.
the app does not recognize who i am.
if you are waiting for verification, it can take 10 minutes to 60 minutes to get results.you will hear from us once we have it.  please make sure your images are clear and photos of documents are readable. you have to be at least 18 years old and live withing the economic area of europe or in switzerland in order to open an account.
why am i unable to verify my id?
hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  if this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. they need to be readable.  you must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of switzerland or the european economic area to open an account.
i'm having a hard time proving my identity.
i'm having problems with id verification
i am having a problem with verifying my identity.
i cant prove who i am
i am not recognized by the app.
the app doesn't think that i am myself
what do i have to do to prove my identity?
what am i missing to verify my id?
i do not have the information to verify my identify.
there is no way for me to prove my identity.
i will not be able to verify my identity.
how long does it take for my id to verify?
the app is telling me that i am not me.
what do i do if i can't prove my identity?
the app can't verify my information for identity proofing purposes.
what should i do if i can't prove my identity.
what's wrong with my id? i can't verify it.
problem verifying my account
the app doesn't believe its me.
app malfunctioning, does not know its me
i can get my identification verified.
i am having trouble with the app recognizing me.
how long will it take to verify my account?
how come i can't seem to verify my id?
i don't have the means to prove my identity.
my app says that i'm not verified.
i don't have a way to prove my identity.
why hasn't my id been verified?
the app doesn't think it's me.
how long does it take to verify a person's identity?
i'm not sure how to provide my identity.
why is my identity not verified?
why is my identity verification process not working?
my identity verification is not working.
i'm having trouble with proving my identity.
i am having a problem proving who i am
it won't let me prove my identity.
i am having trouble verifying my id.
why am i unable verify my id?
my identity can't be verified.
i have trouble proving my identity.
i can't verify my id. why?
my identity isn't being accepted, what should i do?
the app failed to verify me.
why hasn't the app verified my identity?
the app doesn't believe that i am myself
the app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct.
i need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity.
why does it take so long to verify my id
my identity verification isn't working
i am having trouble to verify my identity
everytime i try to prove my identity it won't let me.
i'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
help me verify my identity.
i'm still waiting on my identity verification.
why can't my id be verified?
help my prove my identity.
i am under 18 and i am trying to verify my id. why wont it work?
what do i need to bring for identification?
i'm not sure what to do about the pin, because i don't have one yet.
is my pin sent separably?
where can i get my card pin?
my pin hasn't arrived in the post! how do i cancel it or get a new one?
where is the card pin located?
i have my card, when whill my pin be available?
i dont have a pin
i have yet to get my pin
where is my card pin?
the card pin?
i do not see the card pin anywhere?
my pin isn't here yet
is my pin recorded anywhere?
how will i know my pin number?
i need my pin, where is it?
i haven't received my pin
i am not able to see the card pin anywhere?
i don't know my pin, how can i find that out?
where can the pin be located?
how do i find my pin?
why have i not received my pin
when do i get my pin?
where can i locate my card pin?
tell me about the card pin?
in the app, where do i find my card pin?
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin
the card pin is not visible anywhere?
i cannot see the card pin anywhere?
how will i receive my pin?
my card arrived but i don't know how to get my pin.
where should i look for my pin number at?
where can i locate my pin at?
where is the pin for my card located?
i do not have my pin yet
do i have a card pin?
where is my pin located?
i can't find the pin.
what can you tell me about the card pin?
where can i find my card pin?
how do i find my pin number?
i am yet to receive my pin.
i cannot find my card pin
how do i set up my card pin?
i cannot find my pin.
how do i request the pin?
i haven't received the pin yet.
i signed up, but don't have a pin. where can i find it?
how is the pin delivered?
help, i don't know what the pin is to my card?
i didn't get a pin yet. what gives?
where's my card pin?
how do i set my physical card pin?
wheres my pin
when will i have access to my pin number?
what's my pin number?
where do i find my pin?
when do i set up my card pin?
can you tell me how to locate my pin?
do i have to wait to get the pin or can i set up a pin
how do i locate my pin now that i have my card?
where is my pin?
explain the card pin to me.
how do i find the pin?
will the pin come separately?
where can i find my pin? i haven't gotten it yet.
where is my pin? i don't have it yet
how do i know what my pin is?
how long does it take for me to get my pin
how long do i wait for my pin
still need to get card pin
i have not received my pin yet
how do i get my card pin?
i havn't received my pin yet.
i haven't received my pin yet. do i need to get it from you?
in regards to the pin of the card?
does the pin come under separate cover?
do i need to wait to get my card before getting a pin
will my pin number be sent with my card?
i can't find my pin anywhere.
i have a question regarding the pin of the card?
how do i get a pin?
i haven't been sent my new pin!
so, the card pin?
can i go into my app to find my pin
is the pin separately delivered?
i don't have a pin at this point.
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
where do i find my card pin?
i can't find the card pin.
where is the pin number found?
when do i get my card pin?
how is my pin sent?
is the pin sent in another message?
do you deliver the pin separately?
is my pin the same thing as my passcode?
i'm looking in the app and can't find my pin, where should i look?
i've been waiting ages and my pin hasn't gotten here.
how do i get started when i get my card?
show me where i can see the pin?
how do i find my new pin?
can i create my own pin right away
how to get card pin?
where do i find my pin for my new card?
can you deliver the pin separately?
is my pin the same as my passcode
how do i get a pin for my card
is there a way i can have a mastercard?
is it just visa or can i also use mastercard?
i do not want a visa card.
i prefer using mastercard, can i substitute?
i prefer mastecard.
may i have a visa and a mastercard from you.
i'd prefer mastercard.
will my card be a mastercard or a visa?
i want a mastercard
i prefer mastercard.
please give me both a visa and a mastercard.
is it possible to get a visa and mastercard from you?
if i can't choose my card type will i be able to use it everywhere?
do i get  a mastercard and visa?
why can i not choose the card i want?
can you send me a mastercard, instead of a visa?
can i pick between visa and mastercard?
i have a visa and mastercard, can i use these?
i want to apply for a visa card.
can you issue both a visa and a mastercard to me?
i would like a visa card.
i am looking to get a visa credit card, what must i do to achieve this?
is there a way i can get a visa card?
can i get the mastercard?
do i have a visa card as an option?
are visa and mastercard accepted
what credit cards do you carry
would a visa or mastercard be more suited to me?
i am interested in a visa or mastercard. do you offer them?
is it ok if i use both visa and mastercard
do i have a choice for a mastercard?
can i use visa or mastercard with your service
can i choose from either visa or mastercard?
can i have a visa card?
would i get a visa or mastercard?
am i able to get both a visa and mastercard from you?
is it possible to get both a visa and a mastercard?
can i choose my visa or mastercard?
my preference is mastercard.
what card types can i choose from?
i want to get a visa
can i choose whether i receive a visa or a mastercard card?
which type of card will i receive?
i would like to have a mastercard.
can i get a visa or mastercard?
do you give out visa or mastercards?
do i have to pick a creditcard brand?
please give me a mastercard instead.
visa or mastercard?
can both visa and mastercard be chosen?
do you let me choose between visa and mastercard?
what cards do you offer?
does it matter if i use visa or mastercard?
how can i choose between visa and mastercard?
i'm happy with mastercard and want to stick with just that credit card.
can both a visa and mastercard be received from you?
i prefer to get a mastercard.
i'm wanting to get a visa card today.
what do i have to do to get a visa card?
i would like to get both a visa and mastercard?
would you give me a mastercard and visa?
i'd like to apply for a visa card.
my first choice would be mastercard.
i want to get a visa and mastercard, is it possible to get both from you?
are you visa or mastercard?
please help me get a visa card.
i won't be pleased unless i get a mastercard.
can i select my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
no visa please. i want to continue with mastercard.
will the card be a mastercard or a visa?
can i choose my card scheme?
does it matter which card i use
what type of card will i receive?
can i get a visa or does it have to be something else.
i'd like to get a visa card, please.
visa and mastercard can both be received from you?
can i choose between mastercard and visa?
i prefer visa, can i get that instead?
will i be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
i anticipate getting a visa card
what type of card can i get?
will i get visa or mastercard?
visa and mastercard, can i get them both?
can i choose between visa or mastercard?
i need a visa card
do you take both visa and mastercard?
which card would i get, visa or mastercard?
could i get a mastercard and visa from you?
i want to get a visa card
is it possible to get both visa and mastercard from you?
can i get both a visa and a mastercard from you?
do you accept visa or mastercard?
given a choice, i'd rather have mastercard.
can i use both visa and mastercard
is it possible to obtain both a visa and a mastercard from you?
if i can, i would like to get both mastercard and visa from you.
mastercard is preferred to me.
i need a visa and a mastercard from you.
this transaction needs both a visa and a mastercard.
i want a mastercard, instead.
i need to get visa and mastercard
could i get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
i need mastercard as well as visa
will i get a visa card or mastercard?
i would like to get a visa card
how can i get a visa and mastercard?
can i get a visa instead of a mastercard?
can i obtained a visa card
please give me both visa and mastercard, is it possible?
do i get visa or mastercard?
why did i get a different card then requested?
can i use a visa or mastercard?
can i choose between visa and mastercard?
mastercard is my preferred company.
is it possible to get both mastercard and visa card from you?
i'd prefer a mastercard.
can i have a mastercard?
how do i get selected for a visa card?
do i have an option between visa and mastercard?
can i get a visa from you?
i hope to get a visa card
which one are you?  visa or mastercard?
how can get a visa card?
can you make sure i get a mastercard and not a visa?
i would prefer a mastercard.
i would like to get both mastercard and visa card from you if that's possible.
will i get a visa or mastercard?
will you guys do visa or mastercard?
do you only use visa or do you have mastercard too?
can i get a visa card?
i would like to know if you use visa or mastercard.
is it acceptable to use either visa or mastercard?
please tell me, do you use visa or mastercard?
can i choose what card i can use
do you supply both visa and mastercard?
my money i had was gone and i could not get gas!
i can not see my top up
i can't see my top up in my wallet!
i want to transfer money using my credit card.
i tried topping up using my card, but the money is gone?
how can my friends top up my account?
i used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
my card needs to be topped up.
can my friends top up my account?
what's the process for topping up by card?
is my account able to be topped up by my friends?
can anyone else top-up for me?
i tried to top up and suddenly my money disappeared
my wallet doesn't show my recent top up.
can i get my friends to add money to my account?
i used my card top-up but all of the money is missing.
could you tell me why my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
what do i do to top up my card?
i tried topping off my account with a card, but the money is not in my account despite the charge going through
is it possible to top up by card?
i want to know how to transfer money with my credit card
hoe do i use my credit card to transfer money?
i attempted to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared?
my top up isn't in my wallet.
can i let other people have access to my account in order to top up?
how do i to up by card?
how do i add money to my card?
when i tried to top up using my card, all of the money disappeared.
i used my card to top up, but now i don't see the money in my account.
can i top up by card?
with my credit card i would like to transfer money.
i want to top up by card
i don't understanfd how to top up
why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
why can't i see my top up?
is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
why can't i see the top up i made?
can a credit card be used to transfer money?
is it possible to transfer money to my credit card?
my wallet isn't showing my top-up, did i do something wrong?
how can i transfer money using my credit card?
the money disappeared after i topped up my account.
the money disappeared when i tried to use my card to top up.
i wasn't able to use my top up card because the money i put on there wasn't there anymore
top up not available in my wallet.
how do i transfer funds directly from my credit card?
i need to top up by card.
how do i top up on my card?
top up by my card is that possible?
i tried to get gas but my money was gone!
how do i use a card to top up?
can my account be topped-up by friends of mine.
is it possible for friends to top up my account?
how do i top up by card?
my top up is not showing up in my wallet!
transferring money using credit card
will my friends be able to top up my account?
i was attempting to top up with my card but the money has vanished!
can i allow other people to top up my account?
can other people use the app to add money to my account
i tried to top off using the card, but the money just disappeared?
show me how can my friends top up my account.
how do i set up my credit card to send transfers?
i don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
what do i need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
i used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
what happened to the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
can i add other people to my account, so they can top up?
show me how to top up
my friends would like to add to my account. what is the procedure?
i want to transfer money with my credit card.
something is wrong with my top up and i can't see it. how do i find it?
can my account be topped up by my friends?
am i the only one who can top-up my account?
how do i top up using my card?
can a friend top up my account
what information am i going to have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
top up with credit card
what's the process for topping up my card?
i don't see my top up in my wallet.
can friends i have top-up my account?
i cannot tell what my top up currently is.
how do i go about transferring money using my credit card?
can you tell me how to top up on my card?
my top up isnt there yet where do i find it
if i want a friend to top off my account, can they?
my wallet is empty even though i topped it up an hour ago.
can somebody else top up my account?
i'd like to transfer funds using my credit card.
where did my top-up go? i can't find it in my wallet
my money disappeared right when i tried to top up
how does someone else top up my account
who can have access to top up my account?
i have a new card. how do i top it up?
do i have to top-up with my credit card before i can transfer?
i need my card topped up,
what steps do i do to transfer money using my credit card?
i topped up my account but the money isn't there now.
how can i use my credit card to transfer money?
how do i use my card to top up?
i need to transfer some money, can i use my credit card?
why is my 'top up' not showing up in my wallet?
can other people top up my account?
do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
how many times can i use a virtual card?
a friend was telling me about her disposable cards. what would i have to do to be able to get that feature?
can i have more disposable cards?
i tried using a virtual card for a hotel but it didn't work, why not
what are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
can you give me the restrictions of the disposable cards?
is there a limit on the number of times i can use a disposable card?
how many disposable cards am i allowed to have?
what are the restrictions of the disposable cards?
what is the most amount of disposable cards allowable?
can i get a disposable card?  how many can i have?  how often can i use them?
what number of transactions can i do with one disposable card?
whats the maximum disposable virtual cards?
how limited is a virtual card?
what are the disposable cards restrictions?
i need multiple cards per day, and they all have to be disposable.
is there a limit to the number of disposable cards i can have?
can i have more than 2 disposable cards?
what sort of restrictions are there for the disposable cards?
what is the limit on disposable cards?
help me create several temp cards every day.
are there any limits to using disposable virtual cards?
are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
what are the limitations on the disposable cards?
i have a disposable card, how many transactions can i make?
what are the policies of disposable cards?
is there a limit on how many times i can use a disposable card?
i need to make several disposable cards per day.
what is the number of transactions i get with a disposable card?
how many disposable virtual cards can you have?
can you tell me the restrictions for the disposable cards?
how can many disposable cards can i have per day?
could you tell me about the restrictions that are on the disposable cards?
do the disposable cards have any restrictions?
i need several cards per day. and i need to be able to throw away all of the cards i make.
how many times can i use my disposable card?
with one disposable card how many transactions can i do?
is there any limits i should know about if i'm going to use a disposable virtual card?
i need a number of disposable cards everyday.
are there restrictions on disposable virtual cards?
please provide me with the restrictions of the disposable cards.
i have to make several disposable cards per day.
am i limited on the amount of disposable cards i can possess?
how many uses are the disposable cards good for?
whats the maximum number of disposable cards that i can get?
what are some of the restrictions that the disposable cards have?
what are the restrictions on the virtual cards?
how many purchases can i make with one disposable card?
is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
can i make several disposable cardsper day?
what is limit of disposable cards  i can make per day?
what are the details of disposable card limitations?
i need to make multiple disposable cards in a day.
how many transactions can i do with my disposable card?
show me the amount of transactions i can do with a disposable card.
what is the maximum transactions i can use on a disposable card?
are there any limits if i use these virtual cards?
are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that i need to be aware of?
where can i find a list of descriptions the disposable cards have?
what limits are there on the virtual cards?
what is the max amount of disposable cards i'm allowed.
what stipulations do disposable cards entail?
how many disposable cards per person?
is there a limit to a disposable virtual card?
why can't i use a disposable card?
how many transactions can i make on my disposable card?
what's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
how many active transactions can i make with a disposable card?
please specify any limitations that come along with disposable cards.
are there downsides to using a disposable virtual cards?
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
i need more than one disposable card
what is the maximum number of transactions that i can put on a disposable card?
i am required to make several disposable cards every day.
i must make several disposable cards every day.
where can i use a disposable card?
are there limits on the virtual cards?
how many disposable cards can you own?
can you tell me more about limits to disposable virtual cards?
how many transactions can i do with a disposable card?
how many payments can i make using a virtual card?
what is the maximum number of transactions i can do with a disposable card?
can you tell me if there are limits to disposable virtual cards?
what are the rules for using disposable virtual cards?
what are the disposable virtual card limits?
how many disposable cards can i have at one time?
how many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
i am not a premium customer but i want a virtual card, how do i get it
i need several disposable cards made per day.
what is the maximum transactions for one disposable card?
for the disposable cards, what are the restrictions?
are there any restrictions for the disposable cards?
is there a limit on making disposable cards?
do the disposable cards have restrictions?
can i do more than 10 transactions with a disposable card?
what are the disposable card limits?
is there a limit to using a disposable virtual card?
i have a disposable virtual card. is there a limit to how many times i can use it?
are there any places that i can't use the disposable cards at?
is there a limit to the number of disposable cards per day?
how many disposable cards can i make in a day?
let me know how many disposable cards i can have?
i must make several disposable cards per day.
can you please inform me of the restrictions for the disposable cards.
is there a limit on disposable cards?
i have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
what are my limits on disposable cards?
i would like to know what the restrictions are for the disposable cards.
what is the limits on the number of disposable cards i can have?
what is the amount of disposable cards i can have?
on my disposable card, is there a transaction limit?
who can request disposable cards?
how much transactions do i get with a disposable card?
what can i and can't do with the disposable cards?
is there a transaction limit on a disposable card?
how many disposable  cards are available per account?
what is the number of transactions for one disposable card?
i think someone is using my card without my permission!
what do i do if i detect fraudulent use on my car?
i think my account has been hacked there are charges on there i don't recognize.
i don't recognize some transactions.  is someone else using it?
i just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. i login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase were made without me aware of it. evidently someone had stole my card information and made these fraudulent purchase. i need the transaction to be reverse and have my card suspended.
how do i stop fraud to my account?
card is being used by someone else
i think someone else is using my card.
someone might be using my card that is not me.
there are strange transactions on my account.  what should i do if i think someone stole my details?
i sees some suspicious spending on my credit card that i don't recall i had made. what should i do?
it looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should i do?
there are charges on my card that i haven't purchased.
someone might be using my card.  what should i do?
i suspect someone used my card.
please tell me how you can stop unauthorized payments from being made on my card since on this bill i see that this has happened. there are transactions that i never made from a place i've never been to.
i think that somebody is utilizing my card without my authorization!
there are a few transaction that i don't recognize, i think someone managed to get my card details and use it.

someone has been using my card. there are unfamiliar transactions on there. can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
what can i do if my card details where stolen from my car? i think they used my card to buy gas.
i want to cancel my card. i think someone else is using it.
i can't be sure, but i think that someone may be using my card.
what should i do if i think someone is using my card without my permission?
i believe that someone is using my card without my knowledge!
there is unusual activity on my account and i believe someone took my card.
someone must have found my card details as i don't recognize these transactions.
should i order a new card before i freeze my original one?
i think that someone may be using my card, but i'm not sure,.
i think someone has hacked my card!
my card has been compromised. i see a bunch of online shopping charges that i didn't make. i need to freeze it immediately.
i think my card has been used by somebody else since i was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. please stop this right away.
am suspicious of my card's security
someone is making transactions on my account, i think they took my card information.
i think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that i have never been to. i need to suspend any further purchase on my credit card.
there's a possibility that my card was compromised.
what should i do if i think there are unauthorized transactions?
how do i stop fraud to my card?
am afraid someone may have gained access to the info on my card.
my statement shows charges for things i never purchased. were my account details stolen?
what should i do if someone else used my card?
what steps can i take if someone else is using my card?
someone might have had access to my card.
what should i do if i think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
i am not sure but someone else might be using my card
what to do if my card has been used without my permission?
someone used my card without my permission.
think someone is using my card with permission
i see some transactions that i don't recognize.  i think someone stole my details.
how can i tell if someone else is using my card?
what do i do if i believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
my card info was stolen, what do i do?
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
i have transactions that i don't recognize - i think someone is using my card.
my card details could be stolen, as i didnt make these transactions
what do i do if someone used my card without my permission?
there are transactions that i don't recognize. what do i do if i think someone is using my card?
can you check about unauthorized use of my card, i think someone is using mine without my knowledge?
i noticed my card was used in a small town that i have never been to. can you stop the card from being used more?
i froze my account, but how do i order a replacement card?
what do i do if i think someone has used my card?
my card was stolen and used to make several purchases. please freeze my card so no one can use it.
there are transactions that i don't remember making, i think someone might have gotten my card details and is now using it.
my card information seems to have been stolen! i don't know where these transactions came from and i've never even been to the city where they were made. i need my card blocked asap so this person can't keep using my card.
my card was used without my permission, what do i do?
what do i do if i think someone has used my card without permission? i can see a few transactions i don't recognize.
questionable transactions on my account.
i have some transactions on my account i did not make. can you cancel my card and prevent further use.
someone besides me might be using my card.
someone hacked into my cards account.
how do i report fraud on my card?
how do i report possible fraudulent activity on my account?
someone else might be using my card without my permission.
my card must have used my card as there are some transactions that i haven't done myself..
how do i order a replacement for stolen card?
i dont recognise some of these transactions, i think someone has my card details
somebody used my card without my knowledge!
i think my card has been compromised in some way.
what should i do if i think that someone might be using me card?
i might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
my wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there.  help?!!?
there are fraudulent charges that i didn't make on my card. can you please put in the safeguards necessary to stop this from happening anymore?
the card has suffered a security breach.
my card data has been exposed.
there are transactions that i did not make on my account, i think someone has my information.
i think someone may be using my card.
i didn't make these transactions. is someone else using my card?
i can use this card at which atms?
can i use the card at any cash machine?
what locations can i get money from?
what atms take this card?
which atm's can i use to make a withdrawal?
do all atms accept this card?
will this card work at any atm?
which atms am i allowed to get money from?
where is the closest atm to me?
which atms accept this bill of fare ?
do i have to use a bank approved atm to withdraw money?
how do i withdraw money?
can i use this card at any atm?
what locations allow me to withdraw money?
what atms accept my card?
can i use my card to withdraw from my account?
can you tell me where i can withdraw money?
what kind of atms would this card be accepted at?
are there specific atm's that i can draw money from?
where can money withdrawals be made?
do i have to use bank approved atm's
where can i find mastercard atms?
what atms can i use my card at?
what atm machines allow this card?
where can i do a cash withdrawal?
where should i withdraw money from?
where are the atms that accept this card?
is there a way to find an atm around me?
will any atm's decline my card?
what atms can i use my card?
what cash stations take this card?

at which atms can i use this card?
please provide me a list of atms that accept my card.
can i use my card at an atm?
where is the closest atm i can use?
where is the nearest mastercard atm?
where can i get money from my card?
how can i find an atm that accepts this card?
i need an atm right now!
which atms accept mastercard?
what is the closest atm?
what atms use this card?
what atms can i use this card?
can i get money out of any machine?
is the closest atm to me within 2 miles?
i need to withdraw money. where can i do that?
can i use my card in another institutions atm?
where is a atm that accepts mastercard?
where are the mastercard atms?
where can i withdraw money from?

where can i withdraw money from?
can i use a different bank atm than my own?
need to know places i can withdraw money
the card can be used at which atms?
what's the closest place to withdraw money?
is there a list of atms that take this card?
is there a mastercard atm nearby?
am i limited to what atm i can use my card?
how do i know where i can get money withdrawn?
tell me what atms take this card.
where are the atms that i can use mastercard?
where is an atm?
which locations can i withdraw money from?
can this card be used at all atms?
are there any atm's near me that accept this card?
i need help from someone in your department with finding my nearest atm.
what are the locations i can withdraw money
which atms accept this circuit board ?
how many atms will take this card?
what atms can i use this card at?
is this card accepted by atms?
are there only certain atm machines where i can use this card?
where can i find a mastercard atm?
tell me what atms use this card.
which atms take the card?
how far is the closest atm from me?
can you tell me the atms i can use with my card?
where is a mastercard atm?
i need to know where i can withdraw money.
are there specific atm's i can use with this card?
where can i find an atm?
how can i tell if an amt will take this card?
how do i know it is a mastercard atm?
atms, which ones will accept this card?
what atm locations are near me?
what atm accepts mastercard?
can i withdraw from any atm?
hi, i found a large amount payment in my old statements which i am sure was not made by me. i am aware that the time has passed but is there a way to raise a dispute for this payment now?
what is the word?
please help my find out why there is an odd direct debit in my records.
i am seeing in the app a diret debit that its not mine
there is a direct debit payment that i did not make.
there is a strange charge on my debit statement
there is a direct debit that looks suspicious.
is there a way for you to find out why my account was deducted from a seller when i didn't approve of it?
why is there a direct debit payment on my statement that i didn't do?
a direct debit payment that i didn't authorise shows up in my app.
my app is showing a payment that i know i did not do. can you please cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
i would like to dispute a direct debit payment
is it possible to dispute a debit payment from a couple of months ago.
a direct debit payment i didn't do shows in my app
i see a direct debit transaction in my history that i did not set up.
a false direct debit payment is showing in my app
i do not understand what this particular direct debit is ?
there was some money taken from my account that i don't remember paying for. am i able to look up this transaction which was a few weeks ago to see who took out the money? im not sure i need a refund just want to check to make sure it's legit.
please tell me what this direct debit in my statement is
what is this charge on my card?
a few weeks ago, a strange transaction was made on my account by a seller i don't know. i am quite sure i didn't do it and will like for you to check it for me.
is there a strict timeline regarding disputing transactions made on my account? i just noticed a fraudulent charge on a statement from a couple months ago.
there is a mysterious debit transaction on my statement
what is the matter?
my account shows i made a debit payment to someone that i can't recall and would like to find out who the payment was made to.
i don't recognize the direct debit payment from the app.
i need a refund on a direct debit that shows in the app because i did not make it.
hey, i think someone stole my card numbers. there is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. i really need that money back to pay my rent.
i was just going over my transactions for the past couple of months and noticed a large type charge that i know i did not make. even though it's been a while can i please still dispute this?
there was a charge made on my card from a couple weeks ago and i don't remember making the purchase. nor do i remember the company itself. can we trace this at all to confirm if i did it or not?
there is a direct debit payment i don't recognize.
what is this direct debit in my statement?
this debit is not my transcation. how do i get my money out back?
how can i get my money back for a payment i didnt make
i don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
a direct debit appears in the app but i didn't authorize it.
i'm seeing a direct debit payment that is not me.
i see a direct debit transaction that i didn't make.
could i raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? i am aware its delayed now. please help me out.
i don't know where a direct debit payment came from
who do i contact if there is a direct debit that i did not create.
there was a direct debit from my account and i didn't authorise it
i'm checking my statements and i saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that i don't recall at all. not only that, but i don't even know the business that charged it. i'm not sure if i did it or not, but can we check it and see if we can trace it back to make certain?
i don't recognise a direct debit payment
there is a direct debit transaction on my statement that i think is not mine. how do i remove?
there is a debit i dont recognize
there are automatic debits on my account that i did not make.
i may need to dispute a direct debit payment.
there's a weird payment showing in my app that i definitely haven't made myself, as i haven't used the card at all that day. please cancel that and return my money.
there is a direct debit fee in the app that i didn't do.
what do i do about a debit on my account that i didn't make?
i did not set up a direct debit i have
if i found an error in my account for a transaction i didn't make, how long to i have to dispute it?
there is a direct debit transaction that i did not authorize
can you help me figure out what is going on with a debit payment that is showing up on my account i am not sure is suppose to be there.
i am seeing a direct debit i wasn't aware of.
i found a charge on my debit that i did not make.
how can i dispute a direct debit transaction?
how can i dispute a debit transaction?
my statement shows a strange direct debit.
i have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
i just noticed that i supposedly made a payment to a seller a while back. the problem is, i don't recognize the seller. there must be a way to see who it is or track the payment. can you do that, because i don't remember this transaction?
in my app, a direct debit payment that i didn't do shows up.
there's an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
i see a direct debit that isn't mine? how can i get my money back?
my account statements show a debit payment that i didn't make it's from some time ago i need to know if it is disputable.
there is a debit transaction on my statement that i did not make
there is a direct debit payment on my account that i didn't authorize.
i didn't set up the direct debit i have
what do i do if i find a debit charge that i know i didn't do in my billing statement?
i do not know what this charge is for
what do i do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
i think i am a victim of fraud.  i noticed there was a charge on my account that i didn't do because i haven't touched my card today.  can you please reverse the charge and refund my money?
there is a direct debit charge on my account that i don't recognize.
recently, a few weeks ago there was a transaction made on my account by some seller that i don't recognize. i am very certain that didn't happen  and will like for you to trace back to make sure.
someone else charged my card!
am i able to look back at a transaction to see who with drawled some money from my account? i don't remember authorizing this a few weeks ago, but wanted to double check who took the money.
how do i dispute a direct debit on my account?
i did not make a direct debit payment as listed on my app
there's a direct debit payment that i don't recognize.
how do i dispute a debit that i didn't make?
i don't know where this debit transaction on my statement came from.
the app is showing a direct debit transaction that i did not perform
the app is showing a direct debit payment that i never made
i was checking the app for my account and i noticed there is an authorized charge on it.  i haven't used my card today, so i know i didn't do it.  i would like the transaction reversed and the money replaced.
i want a refund on a direct debit.
hi, i was checking my old statements and found a discrepancy with a large amount transaction. i am sure it was not done by me. please let me know if i could raise a dispute as its very late.
there is a debit paymet that i don't recognize.
what can i do about a direct debit transaction on my card that i didn't make?
i need assistance addressing a direct debit that i did not do myself.
i see a direct debit transaction in my app that i didn't make.
i see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
how long after i receive my statement can i dispute payments on it?
how do i dispute a direct debit transaction?
i notice a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that i don't recognize. is there a way we can trace back the information to make sure it was truly something i did?
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
i have a direct debit on my records that is strange and i need help.
i would like to dispute a payment i didnt make
i found a direct debit i would like to dispute
i saw money was taken out of my account by a seller a while back. i do not recognize the seller, but i'm pretty certain i didn't make that payment. can you track who the seller is?
there is a direct debit patentp that i haven't authorized.
i can't recognise this direct debit payment.
i would like to dispute a direct debit transaction
please help! i was looking at my account and saw a transaction with a seller i don't remember. is it possible for you to track the sale, because i really don't think i made a payment to them.
why is there a direct debit set up in my name?
i don't recognize this debit transaction in my billing statement?
i didn't set up a direct debit payment on my account.
i need to dispute a direct debit.
my account shows a direct debit charge that i have never seen before
i might have been charged on my debit statement by fraud.
i just went through a old statement and noticed that a very large payment went through and i did not make it. it was from a few months ago, can i still dispute the payment?
i am not recognizing a debit payment from my account.
i have a direct debit that i did not set up
i have gone through my statements and noticed there is a large payment that i did not make. can i still dispute the payment? its been a while
i see a charge for a direct debit that was not me.
there was a strange transaction made on my account a couple weeks ago by a seller i don't recognize. may you please check on this transaction for me.
there is a potentially fraudulent direct debit on my account.
i have a direct debit i didn't set up
help!  in the app there is a direct debit that i don't remember.
please help me regarding a direct debit in the app that i don't recognize.
how do i get a refund for a direct debit payment i didn't make
i need to cancel a transaction on my debit card.
i think i was charged by mistake on my debit statement.
purchases i did not make are appearing in my bank statement?
on my app i can see that a direct debit payment that i didn't do, appears.
there's a payment showing in the app today even though i have not used my card at all. i want a refund.
unusual direct deposit
i didn't make the direct debit payment on my account.
people are using my debit card - help!
i have an unfamiliar direct debit in my statement.
how do i dispute a direct debit that i didn't do?
weird direct debit payment
i have an unauthorized direct debit on my account
i have an unknown charge.
what do i do if there is an electronic debit that is not correct?
there is a payment showing that i know i didn't make. i didn't use my card that day and i'm sure of it. can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? thankyou
after going over my transactions for the last couple of months i noticed a pretty large charge that i know i did not make. i know it's been a while but can i still dispute this charge?
someone else made a direct debit transaction on my account
how can i dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
i have a direct debit i didn't make
i have an unauthorized charge.
a debit came through that i need to dispute.
there is a payment in my app that i did not make.  i have not used that card all day  please reimburse my money.
i don't know what this direct debit payment is.
i see a direct debit payment on my app that i did not do
how do i get a refund for an unauthorized direct debit payment?
there was a direct debit i don't recognize.
i see an unfamiliar direct debit payment.
in the app i see a direct debit that i don't recognize.
why am i seeing a direct debit thats not mine?
can i dispute a debit payment that i am seeing that i didn't make from a couple of months ago?
there is a direct debit set up that i didn't create.
there is a direct debit charge that i don't recognize, what can i do?
i have not used my card all day, however, there is an unusual payment showing in my app.  i would like to have that amount reimbursed.
i don't know what this direct debit payment on my account is for.
there is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
i see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
there is a direct debit set up that was not authorized by me.
i didn't initiate a direct debit that i see on my account
why is there a direct debit fee in the app when i didn't do it?
there is a payment i don't recognise!
a couple weeks ago there was a debit taken from my account from a transaction i don't recall. is it possible to trace this transaction to make sure i'm not being scammed?
what should i do about a direct debit that i did not set up?
there was a direct debit transaction i have don't think should be there.
i just found a payment from a while back in my account that i didn't make.  can i still dispute it even though it was a couple of months ago?
i do not recognize a direct debit payment that i see on my app
my account was charged a debit payment i don't recognize.
in my app, a direct debit payment i didn't do shows in my app
my accounts been charged a payment for something i didn't make.
looking back on my transactions from a couple of months ago i have noticed a charge that is fairly large that i'm certain was not completed by me. i know it has been a while but can i please dispute this charge?
i see a direct debit charge that i did not approve
the app shows direct debit payments that i didn't make
i have an unknown direct debit payment on my account
there is a direct debit that i didn't set up, what should i do?
i see a direct debit that i didn't authorize
i know this very late, but i just went through my statements from the last couple months and there's one quite large-ish payment that i definitely haven't made. is it still possible to dispute it?
i checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller i didn't approve of. can you help me understand?
there is a transaction showing in my app that i did not make as i have not used that card all day.  please reimburse this amount to my account.
my app shows a direct debit that isn't mine.
i haven't used my card all day but there is a payment showing in the app. please cancel it!
there is a payment showing on my app that i didn't do. will you please cancel this payment and refund my money ?
why is there a direct debit to my account? i didn't do that.
help me!  i don't know what my password is.
i thought i knew my password but i guess i was wrong, what can i do now?
i am unable to access my app due to forgetting my passcode.
i can't recall my password.
what should i do if i don't know my password?
need a new passcode.
i can't log in with this passocde
i forgot my passcode. now what?
what are the steps to reset my passcode?
where do i go to reset the passcode?
i am unaware of what my password is.
i can't remember my passcode.
i forgot my code
help me.  the passcode doesn't work.
the passcode isn't working for me.
is there a way to recover my password?
can you lookup my password?
what is my password?
i forgot my password to get into the app!
why doesn't my passcode work?
i happened to forget my password
i forgot the passcode on my app.
i seem to of forgotten my passcode.
i do not understand why my pass-code is not working.
my passcode won't work.
how do i reset my passcode?
not sure what my password is.
how to recover my passcode
i don't remember my login code
i need a new login code
help!  i forgot my password.
i happened to forget my passcode
what is going on, i have entered my passcode and its not working
passcode retrieval
my passcode is not being accepted
i would like to better understand why my pass-code is not working.
i can't find my code
my password doesn't work.
my passcode was denied.
i don't know the code for the app.
i can't remember my password.
please help me.  i don't know my code to get into the app.
i used to know my password, but not anymore.
i've forgotten my passcode. can i reset?
i am entering my passcode but getting an error.
i don't remember my password
where can i get a new passcode?
what are the steps for changing my passcode?
i lost the code and can not get into the app. help!
i think my passcode was changed
how can i reset the passcode if i need to do that?
i can't log into my account because i lost my password
what do i do if i can't access my passcode?
the app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
can you help me reset my passcode? i forgot it.
how do i change my passcode?
i cannot remember my passcode.
i don't have a password.
where do i go to reset my passcode?
what do i do if i forgot my passcode?
i've completely forgot the code to get into the app.
how can i go about resetting my passcode?
how can i change my password?
is there a way to reset the passcode?
i can't log in
help! i've forgot my app passcode!
i need to reset my passcode, this one isn't working
i don't remember my passcode?
what do i do if i have forgotten my passcode?
can you tell me my code to get into the app?
i cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to retrieve it?
what should i do if my passcode won't work?
i have forgotten my passcode
can my password be reset if i do not have it?
i can't access my account.
lost password
i'm locked out of my account as i can't remember my code, what do i do now?
disaster, i've totally forgotten my passcode, can you help me?
i want to reset my passcode, how can i do that?
i tried entering my passcode and it isn't working. can you help?
i can't get into the app with the passcode.
for some reason i forgot the passcode i have.
i've forgotten my app passcode completely.
how do i reset my password?
i lost my passcode.
i don't know my password anymore.
instruct me how to reset the passcode.
i can't remember what my password is
i need to reset my passcode. where do i go to do that?
how can i reset my passcode?
how do i get the passcode reset?
can someone please help assist me by explaining to me why my pass-code is not working?
i don't have my passcode to access the app.
can i reset the passcode?
are there directions to get a new passcode if i forgot mine?
i need to reset the passcode.
i can't enter my passcode.
i think i forgot my passcode
i don't know my password
i forgot the code i need to get into the app.
i don't know what my passcode is, can you help?
how can i reset my passcode ?
what can i do if my passcode won't work?
i can't remember my app code, can you reset it?
can someone help with my passcode?
i tried to withdraw cash and got declined, why is that?
why was i declined when i tried to get my money?
i could not access my money at the atm
i needed money for a night out with the girls but i was declined, why?
why was i blocked from withdrawing from the atm?
i tried to get funds in hard cash but it was rejected!
why won't cash come out of the atm?
my withdrawals were going smooth until i got declined today. what is going on?
i tried to use my card to withdrawal money from the atm in notting hill but it didn't work. this is the first time i've tried using it. is my card working?
why was my request for cash declined?
where did my money go? i'm not able to withdraw it from my atm.
why was my withdrawal declined
how come i can't get money at the atm
why was my atm withdrawal cancelled?
i couldnt get cash in an atm
why can't i get cash out?
why can't i take cash out of the atm?
every atm i visit is rejecting my card and i don't know why. there should be money on it. can you check it to see if something is wrong or if i'm doing something wrong?
i can't get money out of the atm. is my card actually working? it's the first time i tried using it
the atm keeps declining my transaction . i tried two different atms already would you please check if everything is okay with my account?
is there a reason my cash withdrawal was declined?
my card won't let me withdraw money.
i can't withdraw money
could you tell me why my cash withdrawal was declined?
the atm would not give me cash,why?
my atm transaction was cancelled.
i was denied cash at an atm
i was not able to use the atm to get cash
why did i get declined when trying to get cash?
the atm keeps declining my card! i tried two different atms already can you please check if everything is alright with my account??
why wouldn't the atm give me my money?
why are my withdrawals suddenly being declined?
can you tell me why i was declined from getting cash?
why couldn't i make a withdrawal from the atm?
why is my atm cash withdrawal not working?
is my card broken? i can't get cash out of the atm
i went to the notting hill atm to use my card the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. does this mean that my card isn't working yet?
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have funds
the atm keeps declining my transaction . i tried two different atms already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
please double check my card - withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning on the way to work it suddenly got declined!
i was declined when trying to withdrawal cash!
i needed cash from the atm but i couldn't get it.
my atm withdrawal was declined.
when i went to get cash, it was declined!
is my card working? it's the first time i tried using it i tried to get money out of an atm, but got nothing.
the atm machines keep declining my card and i don't know why. i thought i had money in my account. why is this happening?
why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the atm?
i have tried using my card for the first time at the atm of notting hill to withdrawal cash but it didn't work. does this mean my card isn't working?
a withdraw i tried to make at the atm was declined i don't know why.
tried using my atm card earlier at one of your locations for the first time.  it didn't work.  what is going on?
why can't i take money from my account?
this morning i wanted to make a withdrawal before work, but my card was declined! please double check it for me as this is the first time it was declined.
why was i declined from getting cash?
i tried to get money out of the notting hill atm earlier, but wasn't able to. is my card working okay? it's the first time i tried using it.
my atm card isn't working for a withdrawl
is my card actually working? it's the first time i tried using it
is there a reason why my card was declined when i attempted to withdraw money?
is the atm broken? i can't get cash from it.
what is my monthly spending limit because i was refused my money at an atm
i can't get cash from the atm!
when i tried to access my cash, i wasn't allowed!
my card has been declined by two separate atm, and i'm worried something is wrong with my account. would you please see if my account is okay?
has my account been frozen?  i tried to use my card but the atm would not dispense cash.
i tried to withdraw cash from the atm machine and it did not work. can you tell me why?
atm withdrawal not working.
i tried using my atm card at your notting hill location today.  it did not work.  am i doing something wrong?
i tried to get money out of an atm in notting hill earlier, but it didn't work. is my card actually working? it's the first time i tried using it
i cannot withdraw money from the atm
my withdrawal from the atm was cancelled.
i'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. help!
why won't the atm let me withdraw money?
my cash withdrawal was declined.  why?
why couldn't i get cash from an atm?
i attempted to get cash in the atm but it was not authorized
is there something wrong with my atm card?  tried using it earlier and it did not work.
the atm keeps rejecting my payment. i tried two different atms but did not work .can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
why can't i withdraw cash from this atm?
i was getting some cash out of the atm but it cancelled on me without warning.
i wasn't able to withdraw money at an atm
why can't i withdraw funds from my account?
i tried to get cash in the atm but it was not approved
my card rejected a cash withdrawal. why?
why was my cash withdrawal declined by the atm?
i could not get the atm to work
totally unacceptable.  i'm stranded with no cash because the atm wouldn't give me any money!
help! my card isn't working at the atm and i know i used the right pin. trying to get my money.
i tried to pull cash from an atm but it wouldn't let me.
i tried to get money out of the notting hill atm earlier, but i wasn't able to get it to work. is my card with issue? it's the first time i tried using it.
can you please tell me why i cant get money from the atm?
how do i get money from an atm using my card? i can't seem to get it to work? i used the pin i had, but maybe it's wrong? what do i need to do to fix this?
hello, is there any way to double check my card? i have never had issues with withdraws in the past, but this morning on the way to work it was unexpectedly declined.
my card didn't work at the atm in notting hill.  is my card working?
why am i not able to get cash from the atm?
my card was frozen due to putting in the wrong pin too much.  how many tries do i have
i cant get money out of the atm with my card.  i just put my card in the atm but it will not allow me to take any money out.  what do i need to do to fix this?
why was i not able to take cash from the atm?
would you please check my card. as withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. can you please check the problem?
why would the atm machine fail to give me the cash withdrawal i requested?
i am having trouble withdrawing cash.
why is the atm not allowing me to get cash?
why can i not take out cash?
i tried to get cash but it was declined!
hi, i am unable to use my card in atm. i had tried my card in two atms but both atms declined it. could you please check my account?
the atm won't let me take out cash
i'm not able to withdraw money from the atm but i'm not sure why.
why wouldnt the atm give me money
my cash withdrawal was declined, why?
i think there may be something wrong with my card. i have never had issues with withdraws before, but this morning on the way to work it was suddenly declined.
why can i not get cash from the atm?
why was i not able to get cash from the atm?
my card doesn't work. i can't get cash out at an atm
why am i not able to withdraw cash from this atm?
why can't i withdraw money?
the atm wouldn't give out cash
what caused my cash withdrawal to be declined?
why wont the atm give me cash?
why do i get declined when i try to withdraw cash?
what was the cause for my card to be declined?
the atm cancelled a transaction on me when i was trying to get some cash out.
why can't i get cash from the atm?
atm refused to give me money
i was declined when i tried to withdraw cash!
i couldn't get money from the atm
i tried to use the atm today but it would not accept my card.
the atm wouldn't let me withdraw cash.
i tried to get money out of the notting hill atm earlier, but i wasn't able to get anything out. is there a problem with my card? it's the first time i tried using it.
please help me with my card. as i have tried to use my card in two different atms but repeatedly it was declining by atm.
the atm wouldn't allow me to withdraw money
why am i unable to withdraw my money through this card?
is there a problem with my account? when i tried to withdraw cash at an atm i was denied.
atm apparently not working?  couldn't access funds in my account?
why is my card being declined at the atm? i have tried multiple atms and i keep running into the same problem. could you verify that everything is okay with my account?
the atm wouldn't let me have my money.
i tired to get cash in the atm but it was cancelled
is there something wrong with the atm? it would not let me pull cash out of my account.
hi, in morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. so far it was working fine. could you please check my card.
when going to the atm to take out some cash today my withdrawal was  declined.  i need to fix this problem as soon as possible. whats going on?
i can't get any money from my account.
i tried to withdraw cash, but got declined!
the atm will not let me get cash, why?
i can't withdraw any money from my account. ive tried a couple different atm machines and both of them wouldn't give me my money. what's going on? is my account frozen or something?
why was my atm withdrawl declined
why would i be declined if i had money iin my account
why was my cash withdrawal cancelled at the atm?
why can't i withdraw cash?
why am i unable to withdrawal cash?
i just had my card get declined at the atm! i need to get money out but i am unable to.  why has this happened?
i entered the correct pin but i still couldnt get funds.
my card wont work at an atm
why does the atm continually decline my card? i've tried multiple times on different machines with the same results. i thought i had enough funds for this, so please help me understand why this is happening.
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen. how many tries do i have
this is the first time i've tried to get my money out of an atm and it didn't work. please give me my money
why am i having trouble withdrawing cash?
i tried to make a withdrawal from the atm, but it was cancelled.
i could not get money from an atm
i think i am having an issue with withdraws on my card. it was declined on the way to work this morning. this hasn't happened in the past.
i attempted to get money in cash but it was refused!
my atm withdrawal was cancelled
i might need a new card because it's not working at any of the atms. i don't think ive used all my money. why is it doing this?
please check my card. as withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. can you please check the problem?
i tried to withdraw some funds from my card, but was declined. how can i get my money?
i can't get the atm to give me any cash
i am unable to get cash from the atm
how come the atm won't give me my money?
i tried to withdraw cash from your atm but my transaction was cancelled.
why did the atm cancel my transaction
why wouldn't the atm give me cash?
why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
i attempted to get cash in the atm but i was denied
the atm didnt let me get cash
why am i unable to withdraw money even though in the past i've done it just fine?
i was declined when i tried to take out cash!
how come i was declined
what does it mean when a payment is pending?
could you please tell me why my purchases from this morning say payment is pending?
the purchase i made is still pending.
is there a problem with the payment that i see is still pending?
there is a payment that i made that hasn't gone through yet.
how long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? there's one stuck since a couple days already that doesn't seem to move
why does my payment appear as pending?
how long does a payment usually show as pending? is it normal that mine is still pending?
why is my payment in pending status?
i have a card payment which shows as pending
i made a payment with my card and it hasn't changed. how long do you think this will take?
why is the payment showing as pending from things i bought this morning?
i made a card payment which is showing me pending.
why are my payments not working and show pending?
i put in a payment a while ago and it has still not cleared and is showing up as "pending", how long does it take to clear?
why are the things i bought earlier today still showing as pending?
card payment still pending.
my card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
i have a payment that has not gone through yet
i initiated a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending", how long will it take to clear?
why is my purchase showing as pending?
how long will it take for my payment to go through?
after making a payment with my card it doesn't seem to have worked. it's just showing to be pending. when will this actually be going through?
it says "pending payment?" why is it saying this?
is there a reason my payments are pending?
why is my card payment still a pending transaction?
card payment is still pending, why is that the case?
i have been waiting for my card payment to be moved from pending status for an unusually long time.  what is going on here and do you have an idea of when i can expect it to go through?
how come my card payment is still pending?
i notice there's a pending payment on my card.
how is my card payment still pending?
why is my card payment still pending?
what does pending payment mean?
why is my payment still pending?
what does it mean when it says that i have a payment that is pending?
my card payment is showing pending however this transaction was a couple of days ago. is there a reason why it it still pending?
a card payment on my account is shown as pending.
why is their a charge pending on my card still?
my card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
card payment is showing as pending
what is the longest that a payment will show pending?  there is one showing that has been sitting there a few days.
i tried to pay through my account but the payment is not going through. what's going on?
why is the payment on my card still pending?
what's taking so long for this payment to go through?
why haven't i gotten my payment yet?
it looks like a payment i've made hasn't made it through yet.
my card payment has had the status of pending forever. what is the issue? it should have gone through at some point.
a payment is pending
why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
i've made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck. how long does it typically take for the payment to go through?
my payment is taking a long time to go through.
what does it mean if my payment is pending?
when will my payment go through?
my card payment still pending
how long does a payment show as pending before i should worry about it?
why is my card payment pending?
i made a card payment by my card but it failed. please let me know when the payment will get completed as its still pending.
hi, status of one of my card payment is still pending from a while. please let e know how much time it will take to complete.
after i make a payment, how long will it be before it transitions from "pending" to complete?
my card payment is showing up as pending for a very long time, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
my purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. can you tell me why?
there is a payment that has not processed.
i'm still waiting on a payment
i need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
i am waiting for a payment to be processed
i don't understand why my card payment is pending.  it has been pending for too long.  why is this and when might it go through?
i did a payment with my card but seem that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago. when does this actually go through?
i need to know when a payment will actually go through. i completed a payment using my card but it is just showing as pending at this point and it has been a while ago.
when will the transaction go through?
my card payment has been stuck on pending. what is the problem? it should have gone through by now.
why is the purchase i made this morning still pending?
a transaction on my card shows as pending.
i have a pending payment on my card.  why?
i have a card payment that has been pending for some time and would like to know when it is going to go through.
i made a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending" in the account. how long will this payment take to complete?
what does a 'pending payment' mean?
hello, i made a payment with my card and it's not working. it's been a while and still says its pending. can you tell when this will go through?
hi,  one of payment is still coming as pending for which i have already paid by card. i guess it did not processed, could you please check and update me.
my purchase from this morning still is pending.
why is my card payment still listed as pending?
one of my card payments looks like it's stuck but i have made the payment days ago. how long until the payment will be applied to my account?
i don't know what pending transaction means.
my card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, when should it be going through?
it says pending status for my payment. why?
pending transaction?
i noticed that there's a payment on my card that's pending.
when is a payment i made with my card going to clear>
my card payment has been pending for a long time now. why is it taking so long to take. it should have already made it through.
what does it mean if it says that my payment is pending?
why are my purchases from this morning still pending?
i was wondering why my payment hasn't gone through yet, its been a while.
my card payment has been on pending forever. what is the problem? it should have gone through at some time by now.
i did a card payment but its status is still coming as pending. please check and inform when it would complete.
i have made a card payment but it did not completed still showing as pending. please tell me when it will be completed.
why hasn't my payment gone through?
why is my card payment still pending? it should have gone through already.
i made a purchase this morning, and it is showing as pending.
there is a single payment on my card which shows as pending.
how long does it actually take my card payment to make it to the account? i've made a payment a couple of days ago but it hasn't moved since.
how long does it take for my payment to process?
why would my payment for my card show as pending?
why aren't my payment funds available to me?
i got some items this morning but the payment says pending
why is the payment i made still pending?
is there a problem that makes my payments show pending?
i made a purchase earlier today but it is still listed as pending- when will it go through?
why didn't my payment process
i have a payment that hasn't went through yet.
i made a payment but it's still pending
how long does it take for a new purchase to stop being considered pending?
i was wondering how long does it take for a payment to go thru? it seems my last payment is stuck and hasn't moved.
what is the cause of the delay in applying my card payment to my account?
why would my payment still show as pending?
i have a payment which has not been approved.
what does it mean when it says i have a payment pending?
there is a pending payment on my account, what does this mean?
why has my card payment not yet been applied to my account?
i bought some things in the morning but the payment shows as pending
i don't know what a pending payment is.
why do i have a pending payment?
how long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? there's one stuck since a couple of days already that doesn't seem to move
i purchases several items today. why are they still showing pending?
there is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days.  when will it post?
i have made a payment by my card, and its still pending since a long time. could you please tell me when it will process.
i completed a payment with my card a while ago. it's still showing up as pending. what time frame does this normally take? it doesn't appear to have worked.
the payment on my card shows as pending.
i have a payment that is still pending
i bought something this morning and the payment is still pending
there is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
i made a payment that's pending. will it go through?
it's been a few days since i've tried to pay a seller but the funds aren't going through. what is happening?
i made a payment that seems to be stuck. it's been a couple of days already. can you tell me how long it will take?
i made a payment that is not yet complete.
why hasn't my payment shown up yet?
what is the meaning of a pending payment?
my payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet
how many days does a regular transaction take to complete?  i see a pending payment that hasn't changed in the last several days.
why hasn't my payment gone through yet?
my payment's stuck on pending.
is there a reason my payment is still pending?
what's the pending length for credit transactions? i've had one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to processed.
how long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
my credit card payment has been in pending status for a super long time.  i don't get it.  why is it like this?  when will it go through?
why hasn't payment gone through yet?
why is this payment pending?
why is the payment from my card still pending?
what is the pending payment on my card about?
it says that my payment is pending, what does that mean?
i tried to make a payment with my card and it was declined. why is it pending?
why is it saying i have a pending payment?
is there something wrong with my card payment? it's been pending a really, really long time.
my purchases from this morning still have pending payments.
when will my pending payment finish?
i used my card to make a payment a while ago and its still pending, why is it taking so long?
how long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised?
my card has been pending for a while, what should i do?
there is a payment that i made that i noticed has not gone thru yet. can i ask why?
my card payment is just showing up as pending and it has been a while , what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
how long will my payment be pending?
my phone was stolen, what should i do first?
my phone was stolen, what should i do?
i lost my phone, what should i do?
someone has stolen my phone, what should i do?
i think i lost my phone.  is there a way to prevent anyone from getting into my account on it?
my phone was stolen! what do i need to do?
can i use the app without my phone?
my bag was stolen from me yesterday, so i can't use any apps or anything. i need some help.
someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
i forgot my phone at the hotel, so i can't access the app.
help, my phone was stolen, please advise!
my phone was lost
i need help- i got mugged yesterday and they took everything so i can't use the app.
i can't find my phone and i'm worried someone is going to use it
i lost my phone! will my card still work?
i can not find my phone or it has been stolen.
i can't use the app because i got mugged yesterday and they took everything. please help.
can you tell me what i steps i should take since my card was stolen?
what do i do if my phone was stolen?
what do i do if i can't access the app?
what do i do if my phone is stolen?
i left my phone somewhere and can't use the app.
someone mugged my and stole everything.  i can't use the app.  what should i do?
i got mugged yesterday and they took everything. i can't use the app, so i need some help.
i am not sure where my phone is.
if my phone was stolen, do i need to do anything?
please help!  i was mugged and everything stolen.  what do i do to stop them from accessing my account?
i have an emergency and lost my phone.  i need help accessing my account.
stolen phone, what should i do
help me.  my phone has been lost or stolen!
my app was on the phone and i was mugged.  what do i do?
i don't have the device i used to log onto the platform so i can't access it.
i lost my phone. can i use my card without the app?
what should i do if my smart phone is lost or stolen?
if i lost my phone, what steps do i need to take to stop someone from using my account?
can someone else use my account if they have my phone?  i lost mine.
my phone was stolen, help!
phone is gone, what should i do
i'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
i lost my phone. can i disable to app?
phone is gone, dont want others to access account information
is there something that i can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
i think my phone was stolen. what can i do?
is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
i lost my phone. what do i need to do?
someone has taken my phone from my hotel room!
can my account me accessed by a thief?  i was mugged.
my phone is missing or stolen.
i misplaced my phone so i can't use the app! does this mean i can't use my card?
i left my phone at the hotel i was staying at so i can't use the app!
my phone was stolen yesterday, can you help me with this?
i was recently mugged and would like to know if i have to have access to the app to use your services and how i would go about setting up your services on a new device belonging to a current user?
my phone is at the hotel.  how can i use the app?
my cards were stolen
my phone has been lost or stolen
my phone has been stolen by someone
what should i do if someone stole my phone?
my phone has been stolen.  how can i make sure no one uses my account from it?
can i use your services without access to the app?
i was mugged.  they took everything.  i can't use the app.  what do i do?
how do i protect my phone from someone using it after i lost it.
my phone was left behind.  can i still use my card?
phone is gone
i just replaced my phone so do i have to make a new account?
everything i have was stolen yesterday making it so i don't have access to the app, what should i do?
i don't have my mobile device and am unable to make the payment because i forgot my details.
what do i do if i lost my phone?
i don't have my cell phone with me so i cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
i no longer have my phone, what should i do?
i lost my phone and need help so someone doesn't access my account.
yesterday i had my phone stolen.  please advise what i should do.
i lost my phone and need help protecting it.
i don't know where my phone is.
i can't use the app because i got mugged yesterday and they took everything. i need some help.
what should i do if my phone is lost or stolen?
what do i do if i cannot access the app?
i have lost my phone.
what to do about stolen phone
i have lost my phone, what steps can i take to prevent someone using my account?
is there anything to do because my phone was stolen?
help!  i think my phone may be stolen or lost!
i no longer have my phone with the app, what should i do?
can i still access the app even though my phone was stolen?
what do i do to lock my phone after losing it so my account isn't accessed
i no longer have my phone.
i cannot get to my app, what should i do?
yesterday my phone was stolen from me :( what do i need to do about it?
my phone got stolen, how can i use the app?
my phone was stolen, what can i do?
i accidentally left my phone at the hotel so now i'm not able to use the app.
how can i access my account when i have lost my phone?
i have lost my phone or it has been stolen.
i can't find my phone; what can i do to prevent someone from accessing my account on it?
what should i do if i lost my phone?
my phone was left at a hotel and i can't access the app.
hi, i lost my phone yesterday, what can i do to stop someone using my account on it?
i cannot find my phone, what should i do?
my phone is missing.
do i need my phone to use the app?
left my phone at hotel, cant use app
how do i use my card if i lost my phone?
hello i have lost my phone and i'm worried someone's going to steal money from me
if i lost my phone, how can i stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
my phone was taken yesterday, is there something that i need to do?
i can't use the app.  my phone is lost at the hotel.
if i lost my phone at the hotel, can i still use the app?
i'm not sure where my phone is.  can someone else use the app?
my phone was taken yesterday, what should i do about my account?
my phone is lost i don't want someone to use my account, what can i do?
my phone has been stolen.
i just replaced my phone but how do i use my card information?
what do i do if my smart phone was stolen?
how can i stop someone from using my card after i lost it yesterday.
do i need to do anything? my phone was stolen yesterday.
help!  what should i do?  my phone was stolen yesterday.
i left my phone at the hotel.
everything was stolen from me.  i can't use the app.  please advise.
my things were stolen and i need to know if i can still use this app.
lost my phone, what is account security?
i lost my phone.  what do i do to block someone else from using my account?
phone is at a hotel, can i still use app
how long does it take to get a refund on something i bought?
please tell me how to get a refund for something i bought.
can i cancel this purchase?
i want to return an item for a refund can i do that?
can i request a refund
i am not sure how this will work, but i have not received a product i ordered.  i want a refund, but should i just cancel the payment?
where do i go for a refund?
i'm interested in learning more about product refunds.
do you offer refunds? i would like to return purchase.
what's the procedure for canceling a purchase?
i need to cancel a purchase that i made the other day.
hello. how do i go about getting a refund of an item i bought ? i want to cancel the payment since i have not received the item yet.
i need a refund and cancel a transaction on an item i purchased and i need it as soon as possible, please!
i bought the wrong size and would like a refund
i want to know about your refund policy.
can i cancel an order if i haven't received the item yet? and how can i get my money back? please help. thanks.
hey i want to get a refund on something i bought, but not sure how to go about it. can you please just cancel the payment, i have not received the item yet.
i am quite aggravated that i ordered online almost a month ago and i never got my package and i paid for it. i would really appreciate it if i could get a full refund back now.
my statement has a charge that shouldn't have been made.
my product hasn't arrived even though i ordered it a while ago. i want a refund!
is there a way you can have money from a purchase i made refunded to my account.
i've changed my mind on an item.  how do i get a refund?
i decided i no long want something that i ordered, and want a refund. how do i go about doing that?
how do i get a refund for something i bought?
i made a purchase recently but i have decided that i'm not buying it and i need to receive my money back. can you please give me a refund asap. it's extremely urgent.
please help me get a refund?
what is the refund policy?
i just bought an item and changed my mind.  i have not received it yet how can i get refunded.  thank you.
are refunds allowed for certain items.
i need to cancel a purchase?
i have an incorrect charge and would like a refund.
i want a refund on the things i bought
i would like my money back for an item i purchased
please could you give me a refund
if i bought something i didn't like, can i get a refund?
i bought something that i need a refund for.
i want to cancel a purchase
am i able to get a refund for something i bought?
my order hasn't shown up yet, what can i do?
my package is taking too long to arrive and i don't want it anymore. can i get a refund?
i would like to cancel my order.
i want this fee reversed from my account.
i want a refund
i'd like to discuss an order i placed quite a long time ago. i have yet to receive it and am growing upset.  i want a refund as i now refuse to pay for the product.
i ordered something online a while ago and i haven't gotten it. i would like a refund.
i received the wrong color and size, can i return it?
is it possible to get a refund?
what's your refund policy if i bought an item from you?
i want to cancel my purchase
can i get an item refunded?
please help! i need a refund on a transaction on something i bought and i need the refund right away!
i purchased this item and would like a refund
hello i changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things i bought recently. can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. pls it's urgent
how can i get a refund for an item i purchased but has not yet arrived?
can you please assist on my item that needs to be refunded?
i didn't enjoy my tutor session and want a refund back. how do i go about doing this?
i would like to cancel my previous purchase.
can you please refund my item?
i made a purchase and would like to get a refund for what i bought can you have the money put back in my account?
hey, i ordered a thing but changed my mind and want a refund on it. since i haven't received the thing, would you just go ahead and cancel the payment for me?
can i have my money refunded for an item
what do i need to do for a refund?
i am interested in cancelling a purchase
it's been over a month and i still haven't received my goods! i ordered a pencil for crying out loud, it's not that hard to deliver that! i'm done with these people, give me a refund immediately! i'll search for my japanese exclusive pencil elsewhere!
how do i get my money back for something i bought?
hi need your help for getting the refund or cancel the payment of an item, i have ordered but still have not received it.
i need your help to get a refund for an item i just bought, can you cancel the payment since what i bought hasn't arrived yet.
how do i reverse a transaction on my account?
am i able to get a refund for a purchase?
i need a refund for something i bought.
i want a refund for my item
can i receive a refund for an item i purchased?
give me a refund
i want a refund on this.
is it possible to have an item refunded?
i made an online purchase and the order has not shown up. give me my money back.
what is the refund procedure?
hello i changed my mind and really need a refund on something i bought recently. can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. please it's urgent.
how do i begin the process of a refund?
i bought something and want the money refunded can i get some help with that?
what is your refund policy for products i have purchased?
i would like to receive a refund for something i bought.
my product was faulty.
i need a refund. this is not what i wanted.
i bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.can i just get my money back now i don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
can i get a refund on an item?
i think i deserve a refunded on a certain item.
i bought a product a week ago, but may need to return it.
i would like to cancel my purchase.
hello, i recently ordered an item and i need help with cancelling and processing a refund as soon as possible. it's very important that i get my refund quickly.
i would like to cancel a purchase.
i ordered online weeks ago and i never received my package in the mail and i don't want to wait any more. so if i could get my money back now that would be great.
can i have the item refunded?
i did not get the item i ordered.  how should i go about this?  should i just cancel my order or my payment?  please help me.
it has been forever ago that i made an order online. the product simply is not coming. just give me back my money because i'm not paying these people.
i want a refund, but i haven't received the item yet. can i cancel it and get my funds back? how do i do that.
i'm going to cancel a purchase.
am i able to return an item for a refund?
how do i go about getting a refund?
how can i get a refund for something i just bought?
do you give refunds?
tell me how to get a refund for something i bought.
i don't want to buy this car anymore, can i cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
i'd like to get a refund for something i bought, is that possible?
i changed my mind on something i purchased through you and i need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. can you help me please?
is it possible to get a refund for something i purchased?
i want to get a refund.
how do i request a refund?
how do i get my refund back?
would i be able to refund an item?
i want my purchases cancelled.
how can i get a refund for a purchase?
i need to refund my item, can you please help?
how do i get a refund for an item i bought?
how can i get my money back on an order. i haven't gotten the item yet, so i want to cancel the order. how?
do you have a return policy?
i am unhappy with an item i bought. how do i get a refund?
i would like to report an issue with my product and want to get it refunded
i've been waiting for something that i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. i genuinely don't know what this company is doing, but put plainly, i've had enough. please issue a refund immediately, i would not like to waste anymore of my time on these people.
how can i go about getting a refund?
the product is not working, can i get a refund?
my order needs to be canceled.
give me back my money, i'm not paying the sellers. it has been a long time ago that i made an order and it just isn't coming.
i ordered something, and now i have buyer's remorse. since what i ordered hasn't come yet, can you just cancel the payment since i already know i want a refund for it?
can i return an item?
i need my purchase cancelled.
how do i cancel a purchase?
i would like it if i could get an item refunded
i bought an item and now i want a refund.
i need to cancel a payment. something i purchased a while ago still has not arrived and i'm not going to pay them if they won't send me what i purchased.
i would like to return my purchases
what is the refund process?
can you please help me in canceling my order.
can you refund my purchase?
i just bought an item and would like to stop payment, is this possible?  the item has not been received yet.
hello, i have recently made a purchase and have decided to cancel my purchase. is there any way that you can cancel that transaction for me so i can get the money back? it's very important.
i have not received an item i ordered yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund. can you please guide me on how to go about it?
i bought something and now i want a refund.
canceling my order is what i need to do right now.
are purchases returnable for full refund?
i want to talk about an order that i placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. i demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  i refuse to pay for something i never got.
i need this item refunded
it's been some time ago that i placed an order and it just isn't coming. at this point just give me back my money because i'm not paying them.
hello-can you please help me get a refund from this merchant?  i ordered a product and would like to return it. i have been unsuccessful in getting the merchant to return my request for the past several days.  i understand it can take up to 45 days to process the dispute and issue a refund, however, if this can be expedited faster it would be very helpful to me.
i need to have an item refunded.
i want a refund for an item
how do i return something for a full refund?
i did not receive my purchase, how do i cancel it?
how does on apply fora refund on an item he ordered? i ordere an item and have not received it yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund
is it possible to get a refund for the item?
can you help me process a refund?
is it possible to refund an item?
i just bought an item and would like to stop payment can you tell me if the item has been sent yet?
i haven't received my order and want a refund
hello i changed my mind and want a refund on one of things i bought recently. can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. please it's urgent.
i would like my refund for this item i bought.
can i get my money back on an item?
i would like to retract my purchase.
i would like to get an item refunded
hello, i'd like to inform you of an issue i'm currently experiencing. the goods i have ordered from your website have still not arrived yet; it has been over 3 weeks. i would like to be issued a refund swiftly and be redirected to more competent people. thank you for your assistance.
what is the return policy?
i'm cancelling this charge. i still have not received what i bought from these people a while ago.
can i get a refund?
can i have a refund for one of your products?
can i exchange an item for a refund?
i want to have an item refunded can i do that?
can you explain your refund policy, please?
how do i receive a refund for my item?
i no longer want this can i cancel my purchase?
transfer unable to be completed, states 'declined'
why was my transfer request decline?
my transfer was rejected
i tried to buy something online yesterday and got a message saying declined. i tried again today and got the same message. what's the problem?
i am having trouble doing a transfer. a "decline " message appears after making the transfer.
the bank transfer was declined
why do you keep declining my transfers? it's been working well so far, but when i just tried to buy something, the card got declined. i tried it a few times, but same thing happened every try.
why was a transfer declined
while doing a transfer, it says declined.
i have transfered to my account before but it is being declined now?
transfer was declined.
please check and let me know why my transfers are getting declined.
tell me why my transfer is declined.
i see my transfer was declined.
explain to me why a transfer would be declined.
why has my transfer been declined?
why would my transfer be declined?
why did you decline my transfer?
why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when i tried to buy something just now the card got declined . i tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening .
i have a problem with a transfer. it didn't work. can you tell me why?
transfer declined.
i am trying to make a transfer to a different account but they keep getting declined. i have double checked all the details and the information is correct.
why did my transfer not work, it says it was declined?
i have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined. i have double checked all the recipient details several times already and they're definitely correct.
i tried to buy something over the internet yesterday and got a declined error. i tried again today and got the same message. what is the issue?
i was doing a transfer and received a "decline" message.
how do i make my transfer go through
my transfer was not approved
i noticed my transfer was declined.
i tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. tried another time today but same thing happened. what's broken?
why would i get a decline message in a transfer?
why was one of my transfers declined?
why am i getting declines when trying to make a purchase online?
i have been trying to make transfers to another account but i keep getting a declined notice. i have checked all of my information more than once and my information is accurate.
i tried to buy something and it was declined and my transfers keep getting declined, why?
i have been doing some online shopping, but when checking out, it keeps getting declined. i tried a few times and it wouldn't work. what could be wrong?
it seems you keep declining my transfers. before, it's always worked very well.just now when i tried to buy something the card was declined. i tried more than once and it was the same thing each time.
i need to make a transfer but it keeps getting declined i need help!
can you tell me why my transfer declined?
on my transfer there was a "decline" message
hello, my transfers are getting failed continuously, in spite of the fact that all the recipient details are correct. please advise.
i get a "decline" message when doing a transfer
it declined my transfer.
my recent transfer didn't go through - why not?
how do i make sure my transfer isn't goin to an unsupported merchant?
what went wrong with my transfer?
i'm having issues with my card. you guys keep declining it for some reason. i haven't had any issues up until this point. what is going on? i've tried a handful of times with the same, unfortunate, result!
how can i check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
why are my transfers getting declined?
i couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
shopping on line i was declined when trying to buy something.
how come my transfer got declined
what does the decline message mean
i can't make any transfers, they won't go through, the details are correct as i checked them.  can you look in to this please?
how do i contact customer support about my declined transfer?
transfer was declined, could not complete request.
it appears my transfer was declined.
hello. my credit keeps being declined, last night and again today, as i try to buy something. what is the status of my card?
i have a transfer that was declined.
i don't have any idea what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. i have double-checked over all of my recipient names and they are correct.
what would be a reason my transfer got declined?
i was declined a transfer
why did my transfer get declined?
i am unable to transfer money. i believe it is not working because it states it was declined.
i was making a purchase and it was declined and i wanted to know why.
why do transfers get declined?
hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. please check the issue.
please help me as my online payment is getting declined since yesterday while i am trying to purchase something online.
it's declining my transfers. normally this works, but my card is being declined now and i've tried more than once.
i tried to transfer but it was declined
seems like my transfer was declined how come?
help me figure out why my transfer was declined
i didn't see any reason why my transfer was declined. what gives?
tell me why my transfer was declined.
i got a message that my transfer was declined.
my transfer was declined. what might the reason be?
i tried to do a transfer but i got a message that it was declined.
i had everything lined up to make a transfer, and then it rejected it.
why are my transfers and purchases keep getting declined?
how come my transfer declined
what do i do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
i tried to buy something online yesterday and was told declined. i got the same error today after trying again. what is the problem?
why did my payment get declined?
my transfer was declined, why is that?
i've made more than one attempt to make a purchase and the card keeps getting declined. why do you keep denying my transfers?
could not complete transfer, states 'declined'
i'm having problems making a transfer to another account. i keep getting a declined message. i know that the information i'm putting in is accurate because i have checked it more than once.
my transfer has been declined.
i wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through.
unable to complete transfer, states 'declined'
i received a decline message on a transfer
i wanted to buy something online yesterday, but i could not because the card got declined on the day of and the following day. what is wrong with the card?
why did i get declined transfer
i am sure i have plenty of money to transfer but my transfer is being declined.
why are my transfers being declined? it normally works but now it's declining my card. i've tried it a few times but it's still not working.
is there a reason my transfer would have been declined?
i received a "declined" message when doing a transfer
why did i get declined during a transfer?
it says the transfer wasn't accepted.
i can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
i tried to do a transfer and it's saying it declined.
i tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. tried again today but same thing happened. what's wrong?
i'm trying to move money from my account to elsewhere, but it's giving me an error message.
i have tried a couple of times to make a purchase and my card keeps getting declined. why do you keep denying my transfers? i have already tried a couple of times and it's not working.
unsupported transfer declined
why would my transfer result in a decline message?
the transfer that i was trying to complete was declined. what was the cause?
i got declined when attempting a transfer
what are the reasons for a declined transfer?
why would you cancel my transfer?
my transfer was declined. why did this happen?
why does my card continually get declined? i thought i had enough money in there but i've tried several times now and it still isn't working.
please help me with this transfer, for some reason i can't transfer to a cryptocurency account
transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
i just noticed my transfer was declined and i don't know why. can you help me?
i have been trying to make a transfer and it won't go through. i have checked all the receipts and its all correct but still won't let me do it.
i got a declining message during a transfer? please tell me why
i think there has been a mistake with my transfer
i have double-checked all of my recipient details but for some reason all of my transfers keep getting declined. i have no clue as to why.
why are my transfers getting declined?  i havent had a problem in the past.
help me. my transfer was declined. how could this happen?
i have tried everything to complete a transfer but can't, what should i do next
i don't know what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. i have checked over the recipient details twice. these details are all correct.
hi, yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. today i am facing the same issue. please help me in this respect.
my transfers keep on getting declined. my card was working fine up until now, however it has suddenly stopped working. why is this?
i went to do a transfer and it was declined.
why are all my transfers failing?  i have the details right and they won't complete.  i've been trying all day and they still won't go through, this is urgent, please help.
declined, transfer not completed.
i saw that my transfer was declined.
why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when i tried to buy something just now the card got declined, i tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
how can i find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
i have a problem with my account. i tried to transfer some funds and the message came back declined. can you help me?
please explain why my transfer attempt was declined. thank you.
i don't see my refund money yet in my account. i asked the merchant a while ago for a refund, so i don't know what's taking so long.  can you look into it and see if the money is there, just not in my account yet?
why am i missing my refund
please help me.  i am still waiting on a refund.
i requested a refund but am unable to see it in my account. why is that?
when will my refund come through
why is my refund not showing up on the statement?
i need my refund
why cant you just refund me instead of a merchant
why haven't i received a refund yet?
when will i get my refund?
they said i would get a refund but i don't see it on my statement.
a refund is taking too long.
i requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money.  i don't know what's going on, or why the money is getting into my account--could you please help?
why isn't my refund showing up in my statement?
i can't see a refund for a return i completed recently.
how come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
why am i still waiting for my refund
i keep checking my statements but nothing shows up. i requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. would you please help me get the money back from the seller.
why is my refund not visible on my statement?
the refund doesn't show in my account
i have not received a refund.
where is my recent refund in the my statement?
i am missing a refund amount on my account.
i asked for a refund but its not here yet
i have a missing refund
i need a refund right away but the funds aren't available in my account
when will my returned transaction show up on my account?
there is a refund missing.
my refund has not arrived, and i am unsure why. who do i contact?
i need my refund as soon as possible. what else do i have to do?
i can't see my refund in my history.
the refund isn't appearing in my account
how can i check if i have received a refund if it is not yet on my statement?
why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
i can not find my refund.
i requested a refund from a merchant several days ago, but don't see anything showing up in my account yet.  can you check on your end to see if the money has reached you guys?
i am waiting on the refund
how can i investigate a missing refund?
hi, last week i have contacted the seller for a refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet. please look into this issue with seller and help me in getting the refund.
i still don't have a refund.
transaction refund missing from my statement.
i am suppose to be getting a refund from something i purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
i've been waiting for a refund where is it?
i was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
i've been waiting for a refund to show up and i don't see it on my statement yet.
i cannot see a refund in my account
give me a refund now!! i am still waiting.
i made a purchase a few weeks ago but wasn't happy with it so recently requested a refund from the supplier.  can you check where the money is?
my refund has not hit my account yet
why hasn't my refund been appiled to my account?
my refund has not yet been credited on my statement
my refund is not showing.
when do i see my recent refund in my statement
why isn't my refund shown on my statement?
hello. i bought an item a while ago, and have since requested a refund.  however, upon checking my online statements, it seems that i haven't been issued a refund yet.  how can this be remedied?
hurry and refund me, i am waiting
i received a refund, however i cannot see it in my account
i was supposed to get a refund but i do not see it on my statement. when is it going to be updated?
i did all that was asked of me and i am rather frustrated. i don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back. i have contacted the seller and nothing has been done. it's been a week!
how will i know when i get my refund?
it's been more than a week since i had a return charged to my card, why hasn't it showed up?
my refund isn't going fast enough.
my account isn't showing the refund
i requested a refund from a merchant but don't see the money in my account.  are you able to check with the merchant or process the refund manually?
the refund i asked for isn't showing up
the refund on my account hasn't shown up
i'm supposed to have a refund but it isn't there
my statement has not shown my refund.
no refund showing in my statement.
i can't see all the refunds in my statement
i'm expecting a large refund from a store i returned merchandise to recently.  they say they have sent the money but i don't see it in my account, can you help.
a while ago i requested a refund from a seller. i keep checking my statement but i have not been refunded yet. i'm confused why i haven't gotten my money back yet but i need your help getting it please.
please update me on whether you have received the funds for the refund of the large purchase i made recently. i have requested this from the merchant days ago but still haven't got anything.
i cannot find my refund on my statement.
i have received my statement but i do not see my refund, why is that?
what is taking so long with my refund?
can you tell me why a refund i'm owed is not showing on my statement?
i requested a refund directly from the seller but i still don't have it. i just want you to send me my money back. i did what you said to do and i still don't have it.
when should i receive my refund
card refund is not showing up in my statement.
why is my refund missing in my statement?
please send my refund now.
hi! a seller that i requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money into my account, even though i keep checking it. can the seller be contacted by you guys to see what's going on?
why is the refund not on my statement?
my refund is still pending
i requested a refund from next because the dress i purchased had three arm holes. they said they sent the refund last wednesday which is nearly a week ago and i still don't have it.  why not?
where is my refund? it appears to be missing.
who should i contact if my refund doesn't go through?
please, i need your help as to whether or not you have money for a large refunded purchase i made. i requested it some time ago from the seller, but nothing is showing up.
i requested a refund for a large order the other day and don't think i received the funds. can you tell me if you see them or not?
why isn't my refund showing up?
i contacted the seller and he won't respond.  please just refund me my  money.
i am still waiting for a refund
i requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when i check my statements it doesn't show up. can you help me get my refund.
i was supposed to get a refund but i do not see it.
i contacted a seller about a refund last week but he still hasn't returned my money. i am frustrated and need these funds. please help me get my money back.
i am noticing that a refund of a large purchase still has not been credited to my account. i contacted the merchant a few days ago and he assured me that he would submit it right away. is there a status update?
hi i'm waiting for a refund for an item i bought. i have contacted the merchant directly but had nothing back. can you tell me whether or not you are able to refund me for the item?
would you please tell me the status of my refund request for a large purchase i made not long ago? i contacted the merchant nearly a week ago, but haven't received it.
i can't find my refund. please help.
i requested a refund but can't see it.
i keep checking to see if i've received a refund that i requested from a seller, but i'm not seeing the refund. i need you to help me get the refund.
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance
can i check my recent refund in my statement?
i was suppose to be getting a refund for something i purchased a while ago, but it still hasnt been applied to my account. when will i get my money back?
my refund has not shown up on my statement.
what is the status of my refund
hello. please, would you tell me if you have or have not received funds for a refund that i recently requested for a big purchase? i've contacted the merchant, but i can't tell that they have taken any action on it.
did i not get my refund? i don't see it.
i am still waiting to find out the status of my refund. i have made previous attempts to find out what the status is to no avail. will you please look into this for me?
i keep checking my statements but nothing shows up! i requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
i contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. what should i do?
i cannot view the refunded amount in my account.
why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
my refund is not showing up in my account. where is it?
my refund has not shown up in my account.   where is it?
when can i expect my refund?
how long will it take to refund me
i keep checking my statements but no progress.i requested a refund but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
can you let me know where my refund money is? i requested a refund a few days back, but it's not showing up yet.  do you guys have the money yet? maybe it's just not in my account.  let me know when it will become available, please.
my statement does not reflect that a refund has been issued
why isn't my refund on my statement?
when will i be able to see the refund
my refund isn't showing up on my statement.
a refund for a recent return has not arrived on my card.
i am missing my refund.
i keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.i requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my account for some reason. can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
three months ago i bought a new house for my cat, fluffy.  unfortunately fluffy was not a fan of the house and it had to be returned to pet smart last week.  they said they have sent a refund but it's not there, can you tell me where it is?
how do i find the refund on my statement?
i need a refund from you because the merchant is refusing, can you do that?
i returned an item but don't see it on my account?
as advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. a week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller. please track the refund with the seller.
why isn't my refund showing in my statement?
i'm looking at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
i'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
why did i not get my refund yet?
why hasn't my return cleared my account?
i was told i would be getting a refund but i have yet to see it
my refund isn't showing up
is there a reason my refund isn't showing on my statement?
are the funds i requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account? i do not see them.
i'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
my refund for a purchase hasn't  cone through yet.
how long does it take for a refund to appear?
i don't see a refund in my account.
my refund is not here yet
i am waiting on this refund, hurry up.
i returned something to a  store but can't see my refund.
can you tell me if a credit/refund is coming from a seller? i asked for refund directly from them and am still waiting. it's been a week now and i still havn't seen my refund yet.
why can't i see my refund in my statement?
where is the refund on my statement?
i should have a refund in my statement but i can't see it
i'm expecting a refund but it's no where to be seen
there is not a refund in my statement.
i have checked my statements multiple times, but my refund that i requested a while back is not showing on my account. is there a reason for this? can i get some help getting my money back from this transaction?
im not sure if a seller is giving me my money back! i asked them to refund my money for the item but it's been a week now and still nothing has been given back to me. can you resolve this for me?
when will a refund post to my account?
when will i be able to see my refund?
i made a big purchase that i regretted and cancelled, the merchant said that my refund was submitted. can you confirm to me that all of my money was truly returned to me?
i've been checking my statement to see if i've received a refund i requested from a seller a while ago has arrived. but it has not. this should have come back to me already. can you help me figure out why it's not here and get my money back?
still waiting on my refund...
i can't see my refund on my account
i'm not sure why my card didn't work
my card is not working at stores.
do you know why my card payment has been declined?
why isn't my card working? i was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. help please.
i could not use my card in a store.
if my card payment isn't working what do i do?
i'm not sure why the card payment didn't work.
tell me why my card payment has been declined.
i was just shopping online for some tickets and the payment was declined by you.  why has this happened?  i am certain i have the right amount of funds in my account.
i am very upset that i went to use my new card today and it kept getting declined. why is this happening and what do i do to not have it declined?
what are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
the card payment i attempted to make failed.
why has my card been declined?
i went to use my new card today and the card was repeatedly declined. i would really like to use this card and need to know what to do about it.
i was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined. this is really sad, what's going on?
what is the reason my payment was not accepted?
may monthly payment to apple has been declined but i don't know why, they are going to re-try the payment and it must go through, can you tell me what is going on please?
you have declined my  payment.
can you tell me why my card keeps getting declined every time i try to use it?
can you tell me why my card is not working? i keep trying to use it but it keeps rejecting my payment. i am being careful and entering the info correctly but it still happens.
apparently, i went out today to use my new card and was informed my payment was decline. this is really embarrassing, what happen?
i need help with my card!!!!! please. it keeps getting declined when i try to use it. i have tried a few times to use it and it keeps getting rejected. i have no idea why.
how do i check to see why my card payment was declined?
why was my card declined in a shop?
the payment for the card did not go through
my card was rejected
i use this card all the time so why did it get declined at the store today?
i couldn't pay with my card
why are all my card payments being declined?
i couldn't pay with card in a shop
why is my payment declined? it looked like everything worked ok and my account was fine.
my card payment failed.
my payment has been declined!! what's going on, i thought everything was alright and working well?
my latest payment was declined! what happened! i was told everything had been resolved and was back to working order again.
my card wasn't working in a shop
i'm sure i have enough money so why didn't the store accept my card?
why has my payment been declined? i paid by card.
can you tell me why my card was declined?
my card didn't go through.  it doesn't make sense.  you told me that everything was ok.
please explain why my payment was declined? i thought everything was good.
when i use my card, it says decline?
my card payment didn't work
i was just shopping and my payment was declined in a store!  it was very embarrassing, what is going on and when will it be fixed?
why was my card declined?
i tried to make a purchase in the store but my card was declined.
my card payment wasn't accepted.
is there a reason that my payment didnt go through
my card payment did not go through.
explain the payment that was declined!
explain why my card payment wouldn't go through.
why didn;t my payment work
my card couldn't pay in a shop.
my payment card was declined - could you tell me why?
hi, is everything in good standing with my card? i am receiving multiple "decline" messages.
why didn't my card payment work?
my card payment didn't go through.
how can a payment be declined
the store card reader would not accept my card.
why was my payment declined? i keep trying my card but it's not working.
my card was declined
my payment was rejected
i was wondering why my card was declined
please help me in this, as i was unable to make any payment by my new card,  it was getting declined repeatedly. i am not very happy with this incident.
why did my card payment not work?
my card payment has been declined, do you know why?
my credit card has been declined.
why did my card payment get declined?
why won't you accept my payment? i keep trying with this card and it's not working.
my card payment is being declined and i've tried several times.
for some reason my card payment didn't work
why has my card declined
a shop i go to didn't let me pay.
why did my payment fail?
can you tell me why my card payment did not work?
my card would not work at a shop.
i could not get my card to work at a shop.
my card payment has been declined
i've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
my card was refused
why is it saying my card payment is declined when i made it?
my card failed to work when i was shopping in a store
why couldn't i use my card at a store?
my card did not work at store.
why does is payment not going through? did my account get frozen or some other issue i don't know about. what can i do to fix this problem?
why was my new card declined?
why do you keep declining my payment?i tried several times with this card and it is just not working.
why do you keep declining my payment? i tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
why am i being declined?
could you explain why my card payment did not work?
hi, today i have tried to make payment by my new card, but payment got declined many times. i am very disappointed, please look into this.
i don't know why my card payment did not work
my card was refused, why?
i don't understand why my payment was declined. i thought everything was ok.
i tried to pay with my card and it didn't work
why do you keep declining my payment?i tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
the card payment is declined.  please inform me why.
my card payment has been declined, why?
why would you decline my card?
my payment for my card is not working
why would a card payment be declined?
i was so embarrassed. why didn't my payment clear?
it seems like my card payment didn't work.
i've tried many times to make a payment, but it's not going through.  what's wrong?
why has my card been declined?  whats the deal?
for some reason my card payment hasn't worked. what can i do to look into that?
could you please tell me why my card payment didn't work?
my payment was rejected, do you know why?
my card payment doesn't work.
i made a card payment, but it has been declined?
everything seems fine with my account, so why did it decline my payment?
i'm not sure why my payment has been declined? please tell me why, i thought it was all good.
my payment has been declined several times.  can you help me?
i had a decline on my card. why?
when i tried to pay in a store my card din't work
i was just needing to know why my card got declined
my payment was declined
why was the payment on my card declined?
i made a card payment but it didn't work. why not?
i was out today looking forward to paying with my brand new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. this is pretty sad, what's going on?
do you know the reason why my card payment was declined?
what is going on with it saying my card payment was declined?
i keep trying to make a payment, but it doesn't work.
what could the reason be that my payment card was declined?
my card did not go through in a shop
is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
why wasn't my card payment accepted?
i keep trying to use my card to buy some things and you keep declining it. why? i've tried multiple times to make it go through but it won't.
the card payment i made didn't work.
i received my new card and tried using it today, just to have it show declined over and over again.  why is this happening?
my card payment won't work.
my card payment has failed.
whats the reason for my payment being declined? it looked like everything went through ok and my account was good.
i just got my new card and tried using it and it was declined?
i know there's money in my account, why did my account decline me?
why are the payments being declined on my new card?  i tried several times to use my new card to pay for my gas at the shell station in my neighborhood.  i am very distressed about my new card not working.
why would my card payment not work?
my card payment wasn't declined
reason for my card to decline
why have you declined my card payment?
my card was not accepted in a shop
i had a card payment that was declined.  why?
how come my card payment has been declined?
i have enough money in my account, so why is my card being declined?
can you please advise if there is something wrong with my card? i have had multiple rejections and do not know the reason. thanks!
card payment was declined, do you know why?
i've tried several times to make a payment and every time my card is declined? could my card be locked? i don't know what to do.
i had a problem with my card payment, can you help?
i tried to used my card in a shop and the transaction was declined.
i was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, turns out the payment kept getting declined. this is really sad, what's going on?
card payment didn't go through.
please help to explain to me why my new card was declined when i tried to use it at my grocery store this morning to pay for the items i needed.  i tried three times to use it and it kept being declined.  i was very embarrassed standing there trying to buy my groceries.
my card payment was not successful.
tell me why my card payment was declined.
i put in money for vacation and its not showing. i need that money today, how long will it take
i can't figure out why a transfer is still pending?
transfers can take up to one day to process before departing for the beneficiary accounts. please confirm that you've entered your account details correctly. sepa transfers can take up to two working days, while swift transfers can take up to five working days.
when will my transfer finish pending?
how long do transfers take, mine just says pending?
how long does it take for a transfer to finish pending?
how long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
why is a transfer i have still pending?
transfers may show up as pending for up to one day while they are processed by one of our payment processors. then, they will depart for the beneficiary accounts. please also double-check that you have entered the correct account details. sepa transfers can take up to two business days, and swift transfers can take up to five business days.
what's the time frame on eu transfers? i purchased something a couple of days ago but the seller hasn't received my payment.
when will the transaction post to my account?
i sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. how long will it stay pending?
i transferred money to another country several days ago, but my transaction is still pending. i have checked that the accounts are keyed in correctly. what sees to be the problem?
what is the reason a transfer shows as pending?
why is the transfer showing pending?
hi i am trying to transfer money to another country but it is showing pending and it has been a long time.  i have checked numbers and they are correct.  could you please help?
why does my transfer say it is pending?
what am i supposed to do if the funds haven't show up from a transfer completed this morning?
how long do i have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
my payment shows that it is pending will i be charged more money?
why is my transfer still pending?
tell me why my transfer is pending.
how long will my transfer be pending for?
i'm hoping you can answer my question about a pending transfer that i've had for a while now.  i know that all of the account details are correct, so why is it taking so long to go through?
how long is a transfer in the pending status?
why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
i haven't received my transfer funds yet, where are they?
i'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
how long do eu transfers actually take? i recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
why is my transfer pending?
i sent payment with eu transfer and they still haven't received it. how long does it take?
i bought something on line a and the seller hasn't received the money i sent could you please tell me how long an eu transfer takes?
how long is the wait for a money transfer to show up?
what is going on? i have checked over and over and the details of my account are right. why is my transfer still pending? it's 2018 not 1818. transfering money to another country can't be that hard.
as i double checked that i have the correct account details that i submitted , they're right for sure. transfer is still pending so far.
how long until transfers complete?
my money transfer has not yet occurred
my transfer is still pending
will my transfer be done soon?
how long do you expect me to wait for the transfer? it finally worked out, but has been pending for a long time and it's quite urgent.
my transfer is quite urgent, and finally worked out, but i've been waiting for it for quite some time. can you tell me how long to expect to wait for it?
my transfer still says pending
i bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet. how long do eu transfers actually take?
the transfer was accepted but now it's stuck on pending. when will it go through?
i have not seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
i have an outgoing transaction
how long does a transfer to another country normally take? i check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending. it's 2018, nothing should take this long. i have confirmed my account information, so there is no error. what is the hold up?
i have a pending transaction
how long is the wait for a money transfer to post?
my money transfer hasn't appeared yet.
why is my transfer still pending after all this time?
why have i got a pending transfer? i'm confused!!
it seems like a transfer is pending.
how long will my transfer stay pending?
how long will the transfer take?
how long does it take for pending to go through
the transfer went through but now it has been pending for quite a while. i need this to go through already
i've been waiting for a pending transfer to go through for a while now, and don't see any reason why i've been waiting this long.  i know that i have the correct account details, so that isn't the problem.
i am still waiting for a transfer to show up
my transfer is still pending, why?
hey i double checked that i have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. transfer is still pending since forever. it's not that difficult to transfer money to another country in 2018 is it?
a transfer is pending.
why isn't my pending transfer finished?
a transfer to my account shows as still pending and i wanted to know how long it is suppose to take to clear.
is my transfer pending?
i did a transfer but its still pending
how come i have pending transfers?
i recently purchased something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet. it was in eu's. how long does this take?
could you please help me figure out why the seller has not received their money after i sent it.
how long do eu transfers actually take? i bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
how long do eu transfers take? i bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
i didn't think my country-to-country money transfer would take so long. it still says that it's pending so i re-checked all of the account information--everything seems right, so what's the deal?
my transfer hasn't appeared yet
i transfered and yet it is still pending
my transfer is stuck pending? how do we fix it to it goes through?
what is the reason why the transfer shows as pending?
i am still waiting for a transfer to show
when will my transfer move from pending to confirmed?
how long does a transfer take?
i have a transfer that is still pending.
i have a transfer that is pending.
my transfer has been pending for a long time now. i already double checked my account info and it is correct. why is it taking so long in 2018 to transfer money?
my account says i have a pending transfer.
how long would does it take for a seller to receive an eu transfer if i bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
money was transferred to me and i am unable to see it
how long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
i finished my transfer. i am having an issue with it still pending. it has been a long time and i'm growing impatient
why is there a pending time on my transfer?
why does it show that my transfer is still pending?
can you tell me when my money transfer will go through
how long will my transfer be pending?
how long will a transfer be pending for?
why is a transfer i did recently still processing?
i have a trasnger that is pending and wondered about it.
i wanted to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
i'm waiting for a money transfer to show, still.
i am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
there has been a transfer pending in my account and i wanted to know how long it is going to take to go  through.
what is the average pending time for a transaction?
can you explain why my payment is still pending?
i did a transfer but it is still pending.
why is the transfer still pending?  can i do something?
i am having to wait for my transfer to be fully processed. it seems to be taking a very long time in the pending phase. what is the normal turn around time that i can expect to see it completed?
when will my transfer clear
the transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
how long do eu transfers take? i bought something online a couple of days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet.
why does my transfer still say it is pending?
my money transfer has not happened yet
i don't see a money transfer yet
i have a transfer waiting.
how long will it take for my transfer to stop pending
i double checked that i have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. transfer is still pending since forever. it should not have been done so.
how long do i wait for a transfer to take?
hello. how long does it usually take to transfer money to another country? i've made sure all the information is correct, but the transfer still says that it's "pending."
why is my last transfer pending?
i have an outgoing transfer
transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. sepa transfers typically take up to two working days, while swift transfers can take up to five working days.
how long does eu transfer take? i bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
my transfer's stuck on pending.
hello, i went ahead and checked my account details to be sure, and they are definitely correct.  i've had a transfer pending for a while, and i can't understand why it hasn't gone through yet.
so, my transfer is showing as pending, when will it actually go through?
why is the transaction not posting?
i made a transfer recently but it has not changed on my dashboard.
when will my transfer move out of pending stage?
why is my transfer stuck on pending?
there is a transfer pending.
the wait for this transfer seems to be taking a very long time.  it is very important that it goes through quickly. can you please tell me how long it may take?
how much longer do i have to wait until my transaction is complete? i transferred money to another country many hours ago and the transaction is still pending.
why is my transfer appearing as "pending"?
do eu transfers happen quickly? i purchased something a few days ago and the seller hasn't received my money yet.
it seems like i have been waiting forever for this international transfer. why is it taking so long? c'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. all of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
hi, i'm trying to transfer money from one country to another, but it's taking a long time! all the account information is right, so why is it taking so long?
why is my transfer pending when i already made it?
i have a pending money transfer
what does it mean when a transfer is "pending"?
for what reason is my transfer still pending now?
the seller of the items i bought online the other day hasn't received the eu transfer yet. how long do these usually take?
my transfer is pending, why?
can you tell me why my transfer is pending still?
i am still waiting for a money transfer to process.
i have a transfer that was approved that i'm urgently waiting for. how long am i supposed to wait for it?
how long does the "pending" period of a transfer take?
my transfer went through, but it seems to be caught up in a pending status.  this was very important that it got done quickly, can you give me a status update on how long it will take?
my transfer says pending. what does that mean?
can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
i need to know why a money transfer is available.
i'm still waiting for a money transfer to show.
pending still shows on this transfer, why?
how do i deactivate my account?
remove my account immediately.
are you able to delete my account?
how do i discontinue my account?
please delete account
i need you to delete my account now.
i would like to delete my account now, please.
i would like to invalidate my account.  i am very disappointed with your services.
i need to delete my account.
can you delete the account?
for god sake, just delete my account i am sick of this
i need to delete my account, please.
unhappy with service need to delete account
this company is bad, delete my account now.
how do i shut down my account and get out of this company?
how do i close my account?
i want to shut down my account as soon as possible.
cancel my account
help me close my account.
i want to close my account due to poor customer service.
i would like to close my account, as i'm not happy.
what's the process for terminating an account?
what steps do i need to do to delete my account?
how do i delete my account now
i want to cancel my account.
i want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
i am not satisfied with your company and wish to delete all accounts immediately.
i want to delete my account.
i am not happy with your company. please delete my account asap.
how can i close my account, i don't want it.
i am upset with your service.  please delete my account.
i would like to cancel my account.
i don't like the services, please close my account
i'd like to delete my account.
i want to stop my account
please delete my account immediately.
how do i delete my account? i am dissatisfied with the service.
this place has been too much work so i'd just like to close out my account & be done.
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
i want to close my account now.
your company is awful, i would like to delete my account please
i hate this company! can you delete my account?
i am asking to end my account.
i want to delete my account. how do i do this?
i am not happy with your service and request that my account be terminated!
i want to terminate my account
how can i delete my account?
i want to end my account
delete my account now please.
help me terminate and close my account.
your company is lame. shut down all my account services right now.
i am not satisfied with your company.  close my account.
how do i terminate my account.
how to i close my account?
i need to terminate my account.
i'm not happy with the services i'm getting with this company. can you please delete my account?
i want to close my account. the service you provide is unsatisfactory to me.
delete all of my account information and my account right now.
i want to close my account & i will never do business with you again.
what are the steps to finishing up with this account?
help me delete my account.  i am not satisfied with the service.
can you close my account please?
what do i do to close my account?
i need to terminate my account immediately.
how can i close my account?
i don't want this account anymore, how do i delete it?
please delete this account.
i want to inactivate my account.
i no longer want to keep this account.
i am trying to delete my account.
where do i go to terminate my account?
i'm not happy with service and would like to delete this account.
please delete my account now.
i would like to terminate my account.
how do i cancel my account
how to delete account, not happy
how do i close my account, since i'm dissatisfied?
make my account go away
please help me delete this account.
i would like to delete my account. i'm not happy with the service you're providing
terminate my account please
your service is bad.  close my account.
i'm dissatisfied with the service and would like to terminate the account.
i am looking to delete my account. i'm not happy with the service provided by you.
i wish to remove my account.
close down my account.  i don't like your service.
i am very dissatisfied with the services that you are providing.  i want to cancel my account.
i need you to delete my account right now.
i want to deactivate my account.
this is terrible, i want to delete my account
i'd like my account to be deleted. i'm not satisfied with the service you provide.
is it possible to delete the account?
i need to close my account.  your company is terrible!
tell me how to delete my account.
please delete my account and personal information.
i'm not happy, i want to close my account.
delete my account please. now!
the service here is horrible, i want to delete my account.
how do i delete an account?
can you please disable my current account.
the company is no good, please terminate my account.
i am dissatisfied, i would like to close my account.
i'm not satisfied with the services that you are providing.  i would like to end my services and delete my account.
i need to close my account as soon as possible.
i am not satisfied with your service.  close my account.
i no longer want this account, what should i do?
what do i do if the atm took my card?
what do i do now my credit card has been swallowed by the atm?
an atm machine didn't give me back my card.
my card got trapped inside an atm, what should i do?
what do i do if i can't get my card out of the atm?
my card got stuck in an atm.
your machine took my card. how do i get it back?
i can't get my card out of the atm, what should i do now?
my card is stuck in the atm?
i didn't get my card back from the atm.
the atm at metro bank on high st. kensington didn't return my card, and the bank is now closed. how do i get back a card swallowed by an atm?
i need a new card because the atm took mine.
the atm stole my card!
how can i get my card out of the stupid atm that ate it?
the atm took my card.
the atm won't give me my card back. i need it back now!
how do i get my card back quickly from a bank machine that it?
the atm sucked my card in.
the atm did not give me my card back?
i was getting cash and the card got stuck inside
what should i do since my card is trapped in the atm?
what do i need to do if the atm kept my card?
the atm machine would not give my card back
i can't get my card out of the atm
why did the atm take my card and keep it?
what are the steps to get my card back that was kept by the atm?
how do i get my card out of the atm?
why did the atm eat my card?
please send a new card; the atm ate mine.
the atm didnt return my card!
i was removing a dollar amount from my account and now don't have access to my card.
a bank atm did not give my card back. what do i do now?
why did the atm swallow my card?
lost my card in atm
i cannot get my card out of the atm.
an atm machine didn't return my card.
my card is stuck inside the atm.
the bank machine didn't give my card back how do i get a new one fast?
what should i do if the atm eats my card?
what do i do?  the atm took my card!
the atm kept my card?
who do i talk to about the atm swallowing my card?
an atm swallowed my credit card!
what do i do if the atm swallowed my card?
please help, the atm swallowed my card, what do i do?
i have lost my credit card in the atm!
how can the money machine keep my card what do i need to do?
how do i get a new card as your machine swallowed mine!
the atm machine ate my card.
how to get new card after atm eats it
my card was eaten by the cash machine what do i do?
what do i do after the atm takes my card.
how can i get my card out of the atm?
will you please help me get my card back?
the atm ate my card; how do i get a new one?
how do i get my card back after the atm swallowed it.
my card is stuck in an atm machine, how do i get it back quickly?
atm ate my card
what are the steps i should take to recover my swallowed card?
my card is stuck inside the atm, what am i supposed to do?
what should i do with my stuck atm?
a transaction shows duplicate times.
there is a repeat charge for the same item
how can i fix this?  there is a double charge on my account.
my card got charged twice for the same thing!
my husband and i went out for our weekly "dinner and a movie," and it was my turn to pick up the check. now i see that my card was charged twice. who should i contact about negating the second charge and getting my card credited?
how do i query a payment on my card? it looks like i have paid for the same thing twice.
i have duplicated transactions on my statement
i only made one transaction at this place, but it's appearing multiple times.
one of my charges was declined, but the second one went through.  but i notice on my app that one of them has gone through, and the other one is still pending.  please ensure that only one charge is processed. thanks
what do i do if i've been charged twice for the same transaction?
i think i was charged twice, please help!
i think there is a mistake.  i am being charged twice.
my transaction history is looking a little off. i have been charged twice for multiple different purchases, and would like to have those duplicate charges refunded.
i was charged for the same thing twice
my account was charged twice for one purchase
i was charged twice for a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
i have a transaction that shows multiple times.
what happens when i am charged twice?
i have been charged twice for the same transaction.
how do i get my money back for a duplicated charge?
i have a duplicate payment on my card.
several items i have charged this week are appearing twice.  please review my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
i have a transaction showing multiple times.
hi, i just looked at my card transactions and saw that i've been charged twice for a restaurant i went to this week. can you remove the double charge, please?
i have been double charged
i was double charged at a restaurant can you take the second charge off?
i have a duplicate charge
i got charged two times for a transaction
what happens with the duplicate charge in my account?
why have i been charged twice?
i have two of the same charges on my account!
why am i being charged for the same thing twice?
who do i talk to for transactions debited twice?
there is a duplicate charge on my account.
i have been charged twice this week for a couple of things on my card. can you please check this out for me and return the double charged items back?
i got charged twice for the same payment. please removed the pending payment. thank you.
i think i got charged twice for the same thing
it looks like i was charged twice for a single transaction
i had a duplicate card and bought something and it showed up twice. i canceled my card, how do i get my money back?
there is a transaction showing up several times.
transaction showing up many times.
looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. i went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. app is on pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
please tell me why the same transaction is showing up on my account more than once.
i have duplicate charges for the same transaction
i got double charged!
looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. i went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works. app still stays pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
there are two of the same charges on my account.
hello, i just checked my card transactions and saw that i was charged twice for a restaurant visit i did earlier this week. is it possible to remove one of them and get my false paid money pack?
i'm really concerned because i only made one transaction, but it's appearing multiple times.
hello,  i am a college student who i recently attended my high school reunion at a local restaurant. i paid with my credit card and now my transaction history reflects a second charge of the seemingly same payment. what could be the reason for this?  is there any way to have the fraudulent  payment credited back onto my card?
i was charged twice for an in-store purchase that i thought was declined.  my app says that it's still pending for one of the payments. please make sure one of the charges is removed.
good day, in reviewing my credit card activity over the last several days, i see a repeated charge for a restaurant that i went to. the charge was put through twice, so i would like one of the charges corrected and the amount that was withdrawn to be reinstated please.
why do i have duplicate transactions for one purchase?
i have a payment that shows twice
i have been overcharged.
i have noticed that my account was double charged for a couple of items this week. please review and refund the double charged items back.
why was i double charged?
there's a duplicate charge on my account?
why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
why did i get charged twice for the same thing
i have been charged two times for one transaction.
duplicate transactions appear on my account
i made a payment and it is showing up twice
i was charged several times for something
my card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
a transaction is showing more than once.
i was charged multiple times at the same location at the same time
hello. i checked my transactions and saw i was double charged for a restaurant visit. can i get my money back?
hi, i was at a restaurant later the week and when i went to look at my account i noticed that i got charged twice. i would like to get my money back from one of those transactions.
i was charged twice.
i was charged twice for the same purchase!
i was charged multiple times for one transaction.
i got charged twice with a duplicate card. how do i resolve this?
i was charged more than once for a card payment i made.
there were two of the same charge to my account
i was charged more than once in a single transaction
you charged me more than once for the same transaction!
why do i have a transaction showing up more than once?
why was i charged twice for my item!
my account is showing a double charge.
why did my card get charged twice for a transaction?
why am i being charged again?
i was charged twice, when i didn't purchase anything twice.
one of my payments was doubled
i think i was double charged
i should only have one charge, but it shows two.
my account shows i have been charged twice for the same meal. how do i get the second payment voided and returned to me? i do not eat out much and my family is living paycheck to paycheck,  mostly. i cannot afford to spend more money than necessary, as is, so i must see to it that the cost be promptly credited back onto my card.
what do i do if i have been charged twice?
i was charged two times for the same thing.
hi, i was looking over my card receipts for the past week and i realize i had a charge put through two times for the same single restaurant visit. can one of the charges be removed so that i can get the money back that was mistakenly taken from my account?
can you help me? i have a duplicate transaction on my account and i don't understand why.
why does a payment show up twice?
there is the same transaction showing more than once.
why am i being double charged for something?
i see a duplicate payment.
will the duplicated payment be refunded?
i have been charged twice on my statement.
i am concerned that i am being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week.  please review my statement and correct.
i went to the store and tried to make a purchase.  the first time, it was declined, but the second one went through.  but my app shows me that i've already been charged once and the second charge is still pending.  can you make sure that i'm not charged twice?
why was i charged twice?
i was charged multiple times for one purchase
why have i been charged more than once for the same transaction?
hi, i was just checking over my card transactions and notice i was charged twice for a restaurant visit this week. can you please remove one of these false charges from my account?
please delete the duplicate payment that was made to my account. one payment is still pending and i do not want to pay twice.
a payment is showing twice. why is that?
hello, i was just went through my recent transaction on my bank account and i just noticed that i was charged twice at a place that ate at this past week. can i get that second transaction removed from my account?
i received duplicate charges.
why am i getting double charged for multiple transactions?
after taking over my card transactions i noticed that was charged twice for a restaurant purchased from earlier this week. can you please remove one of these transactions from my account since it is not accurate?
i made a payment and it appears it is showing twice
looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. i went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. app still stays pending for one of the payments. can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
i noticed that my card was charged more than once for one thing.
i got double charged from something, what can i do?
hi, i checked my transactions and saw that i was charged twice during a restaurant visit. i would like to get my money back.
why did i get charged more than once?
why do i have a transaction showing multiple times?
help, i was charged twice!
hi. please can you help me fix a double charge on my card? i'm looking at my transactions and this restaurant i went to earlier in the week has charged me twice! please remove the additional charge for me.
there is a duplicate payment on my card. why?
to many charges on my card how do i go about fixing that?
there are two of the same charge on my statement.
my statement shows different transaction times.
i have a transaction showing up multiple times.
my card is showing multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement. i was wondering what actions of needed to take to fix this issue
my card was declined but it shows as multiple charges?
it appears as though my card payment was duplicated. i paid at the store earlier today. the first time it was declined and the second time it worked. the app is still showing one of the payments to be pending. please take one of these off because clearly the first was declined and is not correct.
what do i do if a transaction shows up twice?
hi. i noticed i have a duplicate charge which i have not made twice. who should i talk to take care of this?
there is a payment that i was charged two times for.
i got charged in double and want a refund
i have multiple of the same transaction
there is more than one charge on my account for a transaction.
i need a transaction reversed from my account.
it seems my card payment was completed twice. i paid at the store previously and the first one did not seem to go through. after a second attempt, it did go through. i now see within the app that i have been charged twice with one of them pending. can you please remove the pending amount because it is clearly something that was declined?
i have been charged for one thing two times.
how come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
why was i charged twice for the same thing?
i have a duplicate payment on my account
why does my statement show various transaction times?
why are there multiple transactions showing for one purchase?
i was double-charged for a transaction
why do i have two charges it should only be one charge?
my bill shows the same charge more than once
i went for a meal in seattle and paid the bill but i think they charged me twice, the first time they swiped the card i got a notification to say the money had gone out the account but then i added a tip and i think they swiped it all again. can you refund one of the charges?
a transaction posted twice to my account.
i noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
hey there, i just went through my most recent credit card payments and i notice the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice. there was only one meal at this place, so i would like one of the charges to be reversed and my money to be put back in the account.
i was charged twice for the same thing.
is there a reason to why i was charged twice for a transaction?
there are duplicate transactions on my account
my transaction is showing several times.
looks like my card payment was made two time by mistake. i went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. app is on pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
in reviewing my statement, i show i have two charges for the same purchase at the same time, which i have not made in duplicate? how do i get this solved?
looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. i paid at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. app stays at pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. i went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. app still stays pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and was declined?
i was charged twice for a few things this week when i only bought one. what do i do?
i have been double charged for a couple of things this week, and would appreciate a refund for the duplicate charges.
how do a reverse a duplicated charge?
the first payment i attempted for my card at the store earlier did not process so i had to make a second attempt. the second time it worked. it now appears i was charged twice. after looking at the app i see a pending charge. please remove the pending amount because it is clearly not accurate and was declined.
i've got a repeated tranasaction on my card.
i got charged twice
i have a transaction showing up more than once.
can you explain the various transaction times shown on my statement?
i was charged too many times for one transaction.
who should i talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
why was i charged twice for the same transaction?
looking at my statement i see that i was double charged for a payment i made.
i have been charged twice for the same thing!
i think i was charged double for something i bought - how long should i wait before reporting this?
why is there a payment showing twice?
a duplicated payment was made for something.
why is there are there two of the same transaction?
my account seems a bit off and getting weird charges.
i have have multiple charges for one transaction.
hello. i just noticed i was charged two times for a restaurant i visited this week. can you reverse the additional charge?
where exactly does money come from
where did my money come from?
can i check to see where the funds came from?
what are the sources for the funds in my account?
need to know where money comes from
show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
can i trace where my funds came from?
i have to verify my source of funds.
who can put money in my account?
can i see where my money came from?
my source of funds need verification.
what source do my fund come from?
can you tell me where my readily available cash has come from?
i would like to know where my source of funds came from.
what is my source of funds?
where to i get my funds from?
i need to know this, where do my funds come from?
what information do i need to see my source of money?
how will i know where my funds are coming from?
how can i tell where the money came from?
is there a way to view the history on where my funds came from?
can i see the source of my available money?
i require verification for my source of funds.
what is source of my money
how can i look at where my available cash is coming from?
where can i find information about where my money came from?
where can i see where funds came from?
who is giving me my money?
where do i go to see the source of my available money?
is there a way for me to check my balance?
i need to know where do my funds come from
where do my available funds come from?
what kind of security protects my money?
can you tell me how i would go about learning where my funds came from?
can i track history on funds?
where can i see who sent me funds
what do i need to do to verify my funds?
my source of funds require verification.
my money, where is it coming from?
i need to know where my funds come from.
i would like to know where the funds are at.
help me find where this money came from
what do i need to see my source of money?
is there a way to see where my money originally came from?
where are the transfers originating
how do i verify my source of funds?
i want to know where my money comes from.
i need to verify the source of funds.
how do i verify the source of my funds?
how can i lookup the source for my available money?
i need to see where my money came from.
are there steps to see where my funds come from?
i would like to verify my source of funds.
how do i find out where my funds came from?
can i see where my money is being transferred from?
i would like to know how to work out where my funds came from?
where can i see where my funds came from?
is there a way to tell where the money came from?
need to verify source of funds
how do i know where my money comes from?
how can i find the source for my available funds and money?
why do i need to verify my funds?
my funds must be verified
how do i track the moeney
what is the source of funds for my money?
how do i know where my funds come from?
can you tell me how to tell where my funds come from?
can i see my available money?
is there a way to see where funds come from
is there a way to see my money's source?
please verify my source of funds.
i must verify the source of my funds
where can i get the info for my funds
can you tell me where my funds come from?
is there a way to lookup where funds came from?
verify my source of funds?
how can i prove the source of my funds?
how can i know where did my funds come from?
how can i receive verification for the source of my funds?
where is this money from
how can i tell the source for my available funds?
i need to verify my funds.
how do i see my source of funds?
i require verification of my source of funds.
where do my fund come from?
i want to know the source of my funds.
where can i see money source?
where did my funds come from?
i need to trace a deposit
how can i find out the source of my available cash?
can i see money source?
where can i find out where my funds came from?
show me the source of my money.
where can i find my fund information?
how do i find out my source of funds?
how do i know where the funds come from?
please explain to me how to know where my funds are from.
where is my top-up generated from?
where did my deposit for my source of funds come from?
can i see where my funds come from?
where can i check out the source of available funds in my account?
can someone please explain to me where my source of funds came from?
want to know where funds come from
where can i check to see where the money in my account came from?
how can i find out where the funds are flow?
what do i do to verify my source of funds?
i'd like to know where my funds come from.
how can i check to see where my funds come from?
is there a way i can see source of money?
how can i verify my source of funds?
where do my funds originate from?
what is the source of the money in my account?
how do i see the source of my money?
how long am i to wait before the transfer gets to my account?
will the transfer show up in my account soon?
what time will a transfer from the us take?
when will the money reach my  account?
how long does it take to get my money
when does my transfer from the us arrive in my account?
i desperately need to transfer something from china, please give me the wait time.
i am yet to receive the money in my account how long will this take?
does a us transfer take long
how long will this transfer from europe take?
will i see the transfer in my account within the week?
how long should i have to wait before i see the transfer in my account?
when will my transfer post to my account?
how long does a european transfer take?
how many days do i have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
i am waiting for the money to enter my account. how long does it take?
how long will an urgent transfer from china take?
how long do transfers from europe take?
i have to quickly transfer something to china. how long will it take to arrive there?
how long will i have to wait for my money to be in my account?
in the us, how long is the wait for a transfer?
where is my money transfer?
how long does a transfer take to reach one's account.
where's the money from my transfer from europe?
how long will a transfer from europe take?
there is an urgent thing that i need to transfer from china. approximately how long will it take?
i need to transfer funds from china and quick expedition is crucial. approximately how long does it take for a transfer from china to go through?
how long will a transfer from the us take?
how long do i wait for a transfer from the united states?
what is the timeframe for a transfer in europe?
how long do i have to wait for a us transfer?
i have been waiting for my transfer, shouldn't it be here already?
how fast can i transfer something from china?
my bank is in europe, how long will the transfer take?
i urgently need to transfer something from china. how long can i expect it to take?
how many days does it take for a transfer to go through?
when will the money show in my account?
what is the average wait for transfers
how long until the transfer is reflected on my account balance?
how long do i have to wait for europe transfers?
when can i use money sent to my account?
how long does a transfer from the us take?
how long is the transfer?
i've made a transfer, how long until the money reaches my account?
i'm waiting for a transfer from the us, how much longer?
what is the estimated time on an urgent transfer from china?
can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
can i quickly send a transfer from china?  how long will it take?
what is the wait time until money reaches my account?
how long does it take for a transfer to show up in my account?
when will my transfer be in my account?
how long does it take in europe to do a transfer?
what's the wait time for european transfers?
what is the time period for money to be transferred?
when can i expect money to be transferred to my account?
how long does it take to transfer from china? is there a way to transfer it quickly, i need it urgently?
i need to transfer something to china. it is urgent. how many days will it take to get there?
i need quickly transfer something from china. about how long will it take?
i need a quick transfer from china.  how long would that take?
how long until transfers from europe go through?
i have a transfer from the us, how long is the wait?
how do i transfer something faster than normal?
i need to transfer something from china, how long will it take?
it's been a couple days how much longer do i have to wait for my transfer?
when can i expect the transfer to be complete?
how long do european transfers take?
why hasn't the transfer shown up in my account yet?
when will the money from a transfer be made available on my account?
how long does it take for a transfer to be in my account?
if i need to transfer something quick from china, how long does that take?
i just did a transfer, but don't see the money in my account. what's up?
how quickly can i transfer something to china?
how long will it take the money to appear in my account?
how fast are transfers from europe?
i need to make a transfer from europe, how many days does this take?
what is the longest a us transfer should take to appear in my account?
i need to urgently transfer something from china. how long will it approximately take?
i need to transfer something asap from china, how long will it take to post to my account?
how long will it take for the money to reach my account?
when will my transfer from the us get here?
i transferred money from the us, how long does it take?
i need some money transferred asap, how long does the process take?
how long will a transfer take from europe?
when can i expect my transfer to reach my account?
what is the estimated wait time on a us transfer into my account?
how long will it take to transfer something to china urgently?
how long does it take transfers from europe to complete?
i must make a transfer from china and it is urgent. how long before the transfer is complete?
when will my account receive the money?
there is an urgent transfer i need to make from china.  how long will it take to get it processed?
how long will a transfer from china take? i need to transfer something from there.
help! i need to transfer something to china.
its been 3 days, how long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
how many days until my us transfer arrives?
how long will it take to transfer something from china?
i must quickly transfer something from china, and i need to know how long it will take.
how long does a us transfer take
how long will it take to transfer from europe?
how long does it take for a transfer from europe to go through?
when can i expect the transfer to arrive in my account?
when will a transfer from the us post?
i'm having money transferred from europe, how long will this take?
when will my money be in my account?
will it take more than 3 days for my transfer to reach my account?
what is the time frame for european transfers?
when will i receive a transfer from europe?
how long will it take to urgently transfer something to china?
can i transfer something urgently from china? how long does it take?
how long does it take to get money from europe?
what's the transfer time from europe?
when will my transfer arrive from europe?
estimated time arrival for transfers?
what are the time frames for the money to be available in my account?
how long does it take for the money to show up in my account?
what is the time frame for transfers
if i get a transfer from europe, how long until it is in my account?
when will the money be made available in my account?
how long does it take for a transfer to reach my account?
what is the estimated wait time for transfers from the us?
what is the length of time for money to reach the account?
when can i expect a transfer from europe to go through?
why hasn't my transfer from europe gone through?
transfers from the us how long will the wait be?
what is taking so long on my transfer from the us?
how long does transfer from the us take?
how long does a transfer transaction take?
how long does it take to make an urgent transfer from china?
money transfer help? how long?
i wanted to purchase something online but the payment was returned back to me. this has been going on for a couple of weeks. please tell me what is going on here?
i tried to use my debit card, but the payment did not work.
hi, i had an issue with my card payment and it shows on my account that my payment went through. then i got contacted from the seller saying "they did not receive my payment" then the payment was returned to my account. so i would like to see why it did that please.
i think my card payment has been reverted
tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
why has my card payment been reversed?
i didn't cancel my card payment.
can you tell me why the card payment came back?
how come the money from the merchant appeared back into my account?
my payment was terminated
i think my card payment has been refunded
i made a payment and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
is it on purpose that my payment has been returned to my account?
the app reverted the payment i made.
why would my payment have been returned to my account?
i bought something and already paid for it but now i don't see it.
i really wanted to buy something online but seems the card is not working as the payment suddenly came back! what's going on here, i've been trying for a good week or two.
my payment has been cancelled
i made a payment but it was returned.
my card payment has been cancelled
i made a payment with my card that was cancelled?
hey a seller just contacted me that my money didn't come through. it was definitely deducted from my account, but now it appears it's back with me! sort this out asap please.
my payment didn't work and the money is in back in my account.
the payment i made with my card is not showing up.
hello,  i noticed the money for an item i purchased online and have already received has been returned to my checking account. was there an issue with the merchant accepting my payment? or, possibly, with the bank sending it?
my payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
it looks like my card payment might have been reverted.
why has my payment been reversed?
i was refunded the money for something i bought already.
i already got my item but just got my money back
i believe that a card payment i made was cancelled.
why would my card payment be cancelled?
i dont know what happened, but my payment was cancelled
the card payment didn't work
why did my payment revert
i would like to make a purchase, however my card has been declined. i would like to ask the reason for this. the past two weeks, the card has been working fine.
i made a payment but the app cancelled it.
the app reverted my recent payment
why would my card payment get reverted?
i believe my card payment were reverted
my card has an issue, the payment has been deferred.
under what condition will my payment revert?
my card payment was reverted, why?
what should i do if my card payment was cancelled?
what reasons would cause my card payment to be cancelled?
is my card payment reverted?
i had a payment reverted and would like to figure out why.
i just checked and my payment was cancelled, why?
my money is back in my account after a seller contacted me stating they never received payment. i am positive it was deducted out of my account. please get this sorted out right away.
help. my account has been deducted already and the seller says they haven't received the money yet? when can they expect it?
seems like my card payment has been cancelled
can you please tell me why my card payments are not going through when i try to buy something online? when i put in my card payment it takes it but it comes back a while later.
i was checking my statement and i think one of my card payments has reverted
why isn't my payment showing?
what happens when a payment is reverted?
i received a message from a seller stating they hadn't received my money even though it definitely came out of my account. the money has now been deposited back into my account. please get this resolved as soon as possible.
i cancelled my card payment
ive been trying to use my card for two weeks now to purchase somethings online but nothing is going through. it keeps returning my payment to my account. there shouldn't be anything wrong with my account, is it the card?
i used my card to make a payment and wondered why the payment was reverted?
i bought something and received it, but the payment went back to my account. is the seller okay?
looks like my card payment was cancelled.
why would a merchant refuse a payment
how do i fix a payment that was reverted
i just found out from the seller that my money didn't go through. i checked my account and it was deducted at first but now it's back in my account. can you  please fix this for me quickly?
the seller just told me he didn't get paid. after reviewing my account it did subtract the balance but now it has added it back to my account. i need you to please take care of this promptly.
my card payments have stopped.
my card payment was cancelled it seems.
why was a payment i made reverted?
i need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. my account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. then i received a message from the seller, it said that they did not get my payment.
was my transaction reverted with my card?
my payment was put back, i think.
i've got a problem - i purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account! i've already got what i ordered, so why are the payment funds showing up in my account?
i think my card payment was cancelled. what happened?
i had a seller reach out to me saying my money didn't come through to them, but i'm sure it was removed from my account. can you figure out what the deal is here?
what does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
why was a payment cancelled on my account?
card payment has be declined.
why is a payment i made reverted back to my account?
my payment has been returned.
what does it mean if my payment has been reverted?
i made a payment but the app gave the money back.
i purchased something about one to two weeks ago but for some reason the payment was returned to my account today even though i've already received one of the items. can you tell me what's going on?
i've got a problem - i bought something with my card one or two weeks ago, but now exact same amount of the purchase is showing up in my account. i like more money in my account, but this is too good to be true. can you tell me what's happening?
i think a card payment i made was cancelled.
i have an issue. i bought something within the past one to two weeks and have received one of the products; however, today the total was returned to my account. what's going on here?
why did you cancel my card payment?
i did a payment but it was reverted by the app
my payment has not been accepted.
unknowingly to me the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account. i do not know why it would take out the payment and then put it back in my account. can you resolve this as soon as possible?
can you tell me why my card isn't letting me make purchases online? it's been 2 weeks i've been trying.
why did my payment not go through why did it cancel?
hi, i am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. as payment is reverted. please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
what is the reason for my card payment to be reverted?
my card payment's cancelled
what does it mean if my payment was reverted?
please help me with my card payments which keeps getting reverted whenever i do online shopping. i am having this problem since last two weeks.
why did my payment go back to my account when i bought something?
why is my card payment cancelled?
hello, i was contacted by a seller who let me know my money didn't come through on their side. it most certainly came out of my account so i need this looked at immediately because now it has been returned to me!
has my card payment been reverted?
i have cancelled payments to this card.
there's a problem - i bought something about a week or two ago but just today the payment somehow came back into my account! i already received the item though, what's going on here?
i see a reverted payment on my account. why has this happened?
i think the payment from my card was revereted
i think my card payment was reverted
how come i can't find my payment?
i tried to buy something online but my funds were transferred back to my account. what is happening?
i received a returned payment that i made.
why did the funds for one of my purchase come back to my account?
why would the app revert my payment?
it looks like my card payment was sent back.
can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
i purchased something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
one of my card payments has reverted
i was just contacted by a seller that let me know they didn't get my money even though i'm very sure it was removed from my account. now it's back in my account. get this resolved quickly.
my card payment has not been withdrawn from my account
my card payment was reverted
i just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
please tell me why the purchase i made online returned payment. i really wanted this item and i've been trying for 2 weeks.
i paid two weeks ago and just got refunded
my card payment was cancelled.  why?
i seem to have a problem here, i bought something about a 2 weeks ago and just now received the payment back into my account and i've already received the item. can you tell me what is going on here?
why has my money been returned back to my card.
why would my card payment be reverted?
i've got a weird problem: i purchased something a week or maybe it was two weeks ago, and the funds have come back into my account! can you explain this?
i purchased something and the seller hasn't received the money yet, but it has been deducted from my account.
i think a payment i made with a card was cancelled.
i notice that i have a card payment that's been cancelled.
why was my payment reverted on the app
i did a payment but the app cancelled it.
i am not able to make a purchase because there is an issue with my card
explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
what happens if my card payment is cancelled?
why would a merchant revert my payment?
what happens if a merchant doesn't accept  you payment?
my card payment reverted back, i think.
i sent a payment but now it's not showing up.
how can i tell if my card payment is reverted?
i'm not sure what is going on here. i've received payment back into my account  for an item i've already received, from about 2 weeks ago.
why was my card payment reversed?
why have i received a rebate for my payment after a week?
around one or two weeks ago i purchased something but there's seems to be an issue. i have already received one of the items, but today the money was placed back into my account. what is happening?
why wasn't my payment accepted by the app
why would a merchant revert a card payment?
hi, i am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. i am struggling with this issue around two weeks. please advise.
i cannot seem to buy something online with my card? the payment comes back, what's going on?
did a card payment that i made get cancelled?
i think a card payment i made was cancelled, can you check?
a seller is stating that they haven't received money yet when the money has already deducted from my account.
i an not sure but it looks as if a card payment i made was cancelled.
the money is still in my account even though i already paid -- i don't understand what happened.
my card payment might have been reverted.
i noticed my card payment was cancelled, can you tell me why?
i am not able to purchase anything online! i have been using my card on multiple sites over a period of two weeks and none of the payments have gone through. why is this happening?
i believe my card payment has reverted
what do i do if my payment was reverted?
my payment was stopped
my payment was cancelled
my payment did not go through because the app reverted it
was my card payment reverted?
is it possible that my card payment was reverted?
is it possible for me to change my pin number?
what are the steps to change my pin to something else?
in what way can i change my pin and where do i need to be?
can i change my pin at any cash machines?
i need to make my card pin a different number
can i change my pin abroad?
do i have to go to the bank to change my pin?
if i want to can i set up a new pin?
do i have to go into the bank to change my pin?
can i change my pin at my local bank?
if i wanted to change my pin, how would i do that?
if i want to select a new pin what do i do?
how can i change my pin without going to the bank?
do i need to speak to a representative to change my pin?
can i pick a new pin?
where can i update my pin number?
can i change my pin remotely?
i need to change my card pin.
if i want to change my pin number can i directly from an atm?
are there any specific cash machines that i have to go to in order to change my pin?
can i change my pin at any atm?
can i change my pin at an atm?
can i change my pin without being physically present?
can you tell me how to change my pin?
i want to choose a new pin.
is there a way yo change my pin?
can i change my pin?
do i need to go to a physical bank to change my pin?
what cash machines will let me change my pin?
do i need to go to an office to change my pin?
which atm's am i able to change my pin?
can i change my pin without going to a bank?
can my pin changed remotely without visiting a bank?
which countries can i change my pin in?
can i change my pin through the app?
i want a new pin please.
can i change my pin at a nearby atm when in spain? i think someone saw my pin and i need to change it but am on vacation.
please help me set up a new pin.
i have been travelling overseas and i need to change my pin. can you tell me how this is done?
is there a location where i can change my pin?
i am on vacation in spain and need to change my pin.
how can i change my pin even though i'm out of the country in austria at the moment?
can i change my pin in austria?
can i change my in at all atm's?
i'm travelling abroad but i've run into a situation where i need to change my pin immediately. can i do this from here?
i must change my pin as soon as possible.
i think my pin has been compromised, what do i do?
where do i need to go to change my pin?
do i have to change my pin at a bank?
can i change my pin on my phone?
help me with a pin change.
i want to change my pin - do i need to be in a bank?
how do i change the pin?
where can i change my pin?
change my pin?
can you tell me where  can change my pin?
can i change my pin at a cash machine?
is it possible to change my pin?
i really need to know how to change my pin.
is going to a bank only way to change my pin?
how can i reset my pin?
is it possible to change my pin if i am out of the country?
how can i set a new pin.
i think someone saw my pin and i am on vacation in spain, can i change it locally at an atm?
are there cash machines where i can change my pin?
i can't freeze my account as i need the card as i am traveling, how do i change my pin?
how do i change my card pin?
while on vacation in spain i think someone saw my pin and i now need to change it, can i do this at an atm in spain?
how do i go about changing my pin?
am i able to change my pin at certain cash machines?
your atm pin can be changed at any visa or mastercard atm with pin services. certain countries don't support atm pin changes.
i am on vacation in spain and think someone saw my pin when… can i change it at a local atm?
i'm on vacation in europe but i desperately need to change my pin. can i do this from abroad?
can i reset my pin?
at what cash machines can i change my pin?
i want to change my pin.
what steps do i have to take to change my pin?
i want to change my pin number from an atm. is this possible?
i would like to change the the pin on my card.
i'm in austria right now, but i really need to change my pin right now. can i do this even though i'm in another country?
how can i alteration my pin?
i want to create a new pin.

do i need to go to a physical bank to change my pin?
may i change my pin?
please help me change my pin.
set a new pin please.
can i change my pin online?
how do i change my pin abroad?
how can i change my rowlock ?
how can i change my old pin to a new one?
changing my pin
can i get a new pin number at any atm using my card?
please let me know how to change my pin?
can i change my pin without going to a bank branch?
tell me how to setup a new pin.
can my pin be changed in any cash machine?
can you tell me what i need to do to have my pin changed?
am i allowed to change my pin anywhere?
i want to replace my current pin.
help me change my pin.
are their certain cash machines where i can change my pin?

which cash machines will allow me to change my pin?
how can i change my pin?  help.
do you know how to change my card pin?
where do i go to change my pin?
how do i change my pin while traveling?
can i change my pin if i want to?
what atms will allow me to change my pin?
your card pin can be changed at any visa or mastercard atm with pin services, excluding countries such as belgium, luxembourg, austria, germany, spain, and france.
do i have to go to an actual bank to change my pin?
can i change my pin at atms?  if so, what ones?
can i change my card pin?
which atms allow me to change my pin?
is there a way to change my pin without having to go to the bank?
tell me what atms allow me to change my pin.
can i change my pin on holiday?
what is the process to change my pin?
please tell me how to change my pin.
at what atm can i change my pin?
if i am not in the country and i need to change my pin, how can this be done?
what do i have to do to change my pin?
can i change my pin number at a cash machine?
is there something blocking me from making transfers
what are the reasons for my beneficiary not being allowed?
is there something wrong with the transferring functions? i keep trying to transfer funds and only get an error message.
what are the reasons a beneficiary would be denied?
a transfer to my account was denied.
why was i not allowed to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
i got a message that my transfer is not possible.  what is happening?  i need this to go through please.
what is the reason for my beneficiary to be disallowed?
can someone explain why i'm getting a message on my screen saying my transfer isn't possible? i've done several in the past and haven't had a single problem until now. what's going on?
i tried transferring to an account but it won't let me.
it's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
my transfer to an account failed.
why is my beneficiary not allowed?
for some reason i am unable to preform a transfer to a beneficiary.
my beneficiary is not allowed?  why?
i tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and was denied. can you tell me why?
what is the reason i couldn't do a transfer to a beneficiary?
i got a message that i cannot name x as a beneficiary.
why am i not allowed to add a certain beneficiary?
why can't my beneficiary access my account?
i'm trying to purchase crypto via the app. i haven't been able to get it to go through. am i doing something wrong?
hello - i'm on the app and trying to purchase crypto. it's not going through. what am i doing wrong?
my beneficiary didn't receive my transfer
why didnt a transfer to my account process
why can i not do a  transfer
why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
for some reason, i'm unable to transfer funds.
why has my beneficiary been denied?
i need to transfer to my account and cant.
why am i not allowed to transfer money to my cryptocurrency exchange?
what are the reasons why you would not be able to process a payment
why can't i transfer to another account?
are there restrictions to transfers to certain accounts?
please tell me why i am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
i wanted to purchase some crypto. the app will not let me. what's going on here? i really want to make this exchange.
my attempted transfer keeps kicking back with an error message.  could you please help me to resolve this?
i tried to do a transfer to an account but it didn't work
i just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? why is that? i've transferred money before and it worked without problem
why is my beneficiary being denies?
why does my transfer keep generating an error message?
i want a reason as to why my beneficiary is not allowed?
hi, i am interested buying crypto currency but unable to purchase it through the application. i do want to do the exchange, could you please let me know what is the problem?
why can't a beneficiary receive a money transfer from me?
why won't my transfer to another account work?
my account transfer was not cleared.
i am getting an error stating my transfer is not possible while transferring money. let me know the issue as its the first time i am getting error, earlier it used to work.
i wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
why would a transfer to an account not be allowed?
why is a transfer to beneficiary not possible?
why did my transfer to a beneficiary fail?
explain why i can't do a transfer to an account.
why can't my beneficiary get access?
i'm suddenly getting an error while attempting a transfer that it isn't possible. why? i've done it before.
i cannot make a transfer to another account.
why can't i transfer money to a beneficiary
why didnt my account allow a transfer
are transfers to a beneficiary possible
why are you not accepting my transfer!! i've tried a couple times already now and it just keeps showing an error message
will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
why would a transfer to a beneficiary not go through?
for what reason can i not transfer money to a beneficiary?
what happens when a beneficiary can't receive my transfer?
i tried to transfer cryptocurrency into my account but was denied
why wasn't my payment to beneficiary x approved?
my transfer to a beneficiary did not go through.  why?
i really was trying to complete this exhange. i was trying to purchase some crypto but the app won't allow me to do it. can you tell me what's going on here?
why won't you let me name x as a beneficiary?
why couldn't i transfer funds to my beneficiary?
why can't i transfer money to a beneficiery?
am i allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary happen?
a transfer was not allowed to an account.
why can't i use this beneficiary?
i want to transfer money to a beneficiary, but i couldn't.
my funds are not transferring to my bank. why is this not working?
just received a message that my transfer is not possible??  what is going on.  i have done this before with no issues.
i am trying  to  transfer and  it has been  stopped why is  that
this is frustrating, i'm at work and my transfers are not going through. i keep getting an error message, i do not have time for this.
i am trying to complete a transfer but i keep getting an error message.
i normally have no issues making transfers, so why am i suddenly being told it is not possible?
my account did not allow the transfer.
why is my transfer not working? i tried multiple times to transfer money, and all that happens is an error message pops up.
why was my transfer stopped ?
why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
i have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
the transfer to my account was not allowed.
my beneficiary is unable to transact
i need to move money to another beneficiary. why is it not working?
i don't understand why you aren't accepting my transfer. after a couple times trying i'm still getting an error message.
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it
i was unable to transfer money to a beneficiary.
why can't i use my beneficiary?
why is this beneficiary being rejected?
i have to transfer money over to my mother, and i have tried numerous times and all that keeps happening is error messages.
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
why will my transfer not go through?!  keep getting an error message.
my transfer to a beneficiary was rejected.
the transfer to my beneficiary has not gone through
i wasn't allowed to transfer to my account
i was trying to purchase some crypto and the app won't allow me to do it. what's the deal with this? i really wanted to complete the exchange.
i have made several unsuccessful attempts to make a transfer.  i'm getting frustrated at getting error messages and it not going through.
my money didnt go through after i transferred.
i tried transferring to an account but it didn't go through. what happened?
i cant transfer money into my account
why can't my beneficiary make transactions?
why can't i add any beneficiary i choose?
why am i unable to transfer money when i was able to before?
hello i am unable to exchange the crypto currency through the app, i am very keen to buy. please let me know the issue.    interested buying crypto currency but i am unable to purchase it through the application,i do want to do the exchange, could you please let me know what is the problem?
why is a transfer to a beneficiary not possible?
can you please explain why my beneficiary is not allowed?
i tried transferring money to a beneficiary, however, i was unsuccessful.
the app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
why can i not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
why wasn't a transfer to account approved
i was trying to make a transfer and got an error message telling me it was not possible to make the transfer. this has never happened before, what happened?
why is my beneficiary not being allowed to get payment services?
i have tried to submit a transfer a couple of times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful. do you know why this may be?
why can't i transfer to an account?
i could not transfer funds to a beneficiary; is there a problem with your software?
why is my beneficiary not working?
why can't you allow my beneficiary?
my transfer to another account was not allowed. why is that?
why couldn't i transfer to a beneficiairy?
i couldn't transfer to an account.
my transfer failed to a beneficiary
i was unable to transfer to another account.
why was i denied the option to transfer money to a selected beneficiary?
i keep getting an error message when i'm trying to transfer funds! why aren't you accepting that?
why is this not letting me exchange crypto? i need help making this transaction go through.
i could not transfer to a beneficiary
why cant i transfer to my account?
why  am i being told this  transfer will not  go thru
i couldn't transfer money to a beneficiery
while transferring money, its getting error out as my transfer is not possible. please help me in this as earlier i was able to do it successfully.
hi,  is there any problem with app? as i am facing some issues with the exchange of crypto currency. i am extremely interested in buying.
hi, i'm trying to by some crypto and the app isn't allowing it. i really want to exchange this, what am i doing wrong?
my account transfer was blocked.
what is preventing me from adding a specific beneficiary?
i couldn't transfer money to my bank, why not?
why cant i send money to a beneficiary?
how can i transfer money to a beneficiary?
it shows that the transfer on my account wasn't allowed.
could you please explain why i received a message that my transfer is not possible? i've never had any problems making a transfer in the past.
hi i received an error message informing me about the transaction failure. i have done the money transfer before and it never failed. please let me know what is the issue this time.
why would i receive an error that my transfer isn't possible when i've done it before?
my card isn't letting me purchase something and i wanted to know why.
why isn't my beneficiary allowed?
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
what are then rules on beneficiaries?
why can't i buy cryptocurrency on the app?
payment did not process
i've been trying to make a transfer and it hasn't gone through. now i am receiving an error message.  what is the problem?
i am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
why won't you take my transfer, i keep getting an error message.
beneficiary transfer problems?
why would my beneficiary not be allowed?
i was transferring some money to a friend, which i thought would be free, but i see there is a charge.  what's up with that?
there is a fee for a transfer, please explain that to me.
i didn't know there was a charge for tranferring. what is the charge?
i transferred money, why was charged for an extra fee?
when i made a transfer i was charged extra.
is there a fee that comes with transfers?
i shouldn't be charged any fee for transferring .
i've been using my account while abroad for a while but only recently i've been charged a fee. why am i only being charged a fee now.
why am i being charged a fee for transferring money ?
i transferred money from one account to another account and i charged a fee for it. why is that?
why was i charged extra when transferring?
during the last month i used this account to make payments for my place abroad. i noticed the fees have increased and i wonder why. shouldn't frequent users have less fees as incentive to keep using instead of increasing them out of nowhere?
why did it cost money to transfer funds?
what kind of fees will i pay when i transfer?
my transaction went through but i was charged a fee. why?
a transfer i sent was received in less than the full amount i originally sent, and now i have to send additional funds to cover the full amount. what happened?
should i be seeing a fee applied for my money transfer?
can you please tell me why i was charged an extra fee on my transfer?
i made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the same as the right amount. i now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. can you alert me about this. what's been happening?
i made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but less than the right amount. i now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. can you tell me about this. what's been going on?
why is my transfer more expensive than i thought?
why am i being charged to transfer funds?
i noticed additional charges when transferring?
why is there a charge for my transfer?
i got charged a fee for transferring money.
i see a transfer fee, but to my understand, that should have been free, what happened?
why was i charged for transferring money?
i found a transfer fee - is that correct?
i did a transfer.  what is the extra fee?
i got an unexpected charge on my transfers. how can i correct this?
why am i seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
i transferred money, but i think i've been charged a fee for it?
please explain the fee on a transfer i made.
why was i charged an extra fee when doing a transfer?
i was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
so i've been using my account frequently to manage payments for my vacation house in a different country, and now i'm getting hit with ridiculously high fees! what's with that? ought not i be rewarded as a frequent user?
i bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. isn't that free?
there's something wrong on my bill. a transfer fee should never have been added.
i did a transfer and was charged a fee that i shouldn't have been!
why are you charging me a transfer fee?
why was a fee changed for my transfer?
i made a transfer and the receiver did not get the right amount its lesser than what it should be,now i have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . can you please help me about this, what should be done
does transferring money have a fee?
why did the person i transferred money to not receive the correct amount? what should i do to get them the right amount, do i have to transfer more money to them?
why is there a fee for my transfer?
why is there a fee for the transfer i made?
why has transferring money resulted in a charge?
where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
how much do i have to pay if i want to transfer money?
i thought transfers were free. why was i charged to transfer?
i made a transfer and was charged extra. why?
i thought i can make transfers for free, this is not fair. i bought something online from abroad and there was some weird additional fee that i've never seen before?
i transferred some money recently and saw a fee on my account, what's that for?
is it normal to see a fee for transferring money?
transfers are supposed to be free.  i just got a fee tacked on  to something i bought abroad.  not cool.  figure out how to remove it.
why am i being charged for transfers? are they not free?
why was i charged this extra fee while doing a transfer?
why was i chargged
is there a money transfer fee?
i was under the impression that transfers were going to be free and here i was charged for something i bought overseas!  i don't think this fee is right
i thought transfers were free, why was i charged?
why were there additional charges when i transferred funds?
are money transfers free?
my transfer seems to be too expensive.
who charged my card
a receiver let me know that they didn't receive the full transfer i completed and that it was actually a bit less than what i sent. at this point i have to make another transfer to make up for the amount missing. can you please follow up with what's going  on here?
could you inform me as to why i have been charged a higher fee for doing banking abroad.
someone that i had to send money to told me that they didn't receive the full amount i sent them - can you look into this?
i transferred 7,000 to a receiver outside the eu and they received a lesser amount than what i sent, unfortunately, now i must send an additional transfer to the receiver so that they can receive the full amount i initially sent.  i'm not sure why they received a lesser amount than what i initially sen, but can you please look into this and let me know what happened?
extra charge during transfer
i use my card internationally to manage payments and i just noticed that you are adding additional fees.  why?  i am a good customer and this has me thinking about leaving.
i made a transfer and the receiver said they haven't actually received the right amount, but it's a bit less. now i have to transfer more money to make up for the missing bit. can you please alert me about this, what has been going on?
i was informed that transfers were free. i noticed i have a fee but why?
will i be charged for transfers?
what is this fee for transfering
this isn't fair! i thought transfers could be made for free. i just made  a purchase online from abroad and now see some strange fee that i've never seen before.
i had an unexpected fee
i was charged a fee for a transfer.
i thought you guys offered free transfers. why was i charged?
why would i be charged an extra fee while doing a transfer?
i do not like this, i made a simple transfer but i have an additional charge for doing so.
what is the reason for the fee charge on my transfer?
i tried to transfer money to a receiver and they didn't get the right amount. what is going on and who do i contact to help me?
there is a fee from a transfer that is not supposed to be here!
i was under the impression i can make transfers for free. i made an online purchase for something that was obroad and there's some additional strange fee. i've never seen this before and this isn't fair.
why was a extra fee added to my account for transfer ?
why did you charge me a fee when i made a transfer?
why have i been charged a fee for transferring money?
are transfers not free? i didn't know i would be charged for transfers.
why was i charged a fee for transferring money
am i charged a fee to transfer funds?
can you please explain why i was charged an extra fee for my transfer?
someone made a mistake on my money transfer because i was charged extra fees.
i've use my accounts all the time to manage my payments for my place abroad that i just got. i now see that i suddenly have new fees.i'm a frequent customer, so why are you charging me new fees instead of rewarding me?
i did a transfer and i was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
why was i charged a random fee for a transfer i made?
why am i seeing a fee for transferring money?
i've used my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place. i noticed that my fees have suddenly increased. as a frequent customer, shouldn't i be rewarded rather than suddenly being subject to a new fee?
i used this account a lot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. seems that suddenly fees have increased? shouldn't you instead reward your frequent customers instead of putting an additional fee suddenly?!
i thought that transfers are free. why was i charged an extra fee?
i am confused about your fee structure and was disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
i thought transfers were free of charge.  i bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. how do i get this problem fixed.
why was there an extra charge when i transferred money?
why is there a fee on my money transfer?
i made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" its lesser than it should be.now i have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . can you please help me about this,what should be done
what is this fee for transferring money?
i have used this account overseas recently. has there been an increase in fees that i am unaware of?
why was i charged a fee to transfer
i need to know how much it costs to transfer funds.
i made a transfer and the person i transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? why did this happen and how do i get the rest of the money to them?
why did i get charged a fee for transferring money?
why did i get charged for a transfer?
i have used my account abroad for a while without any fees, why am i being charged additional fees all of a sudden?
can you elaborate on why i have an extra charge just for transferring?
why was i charged a fee to transfer money?
is it free to transfer money or is there a fee?
i was charged a fee when i transferred my funds, why?
i've use this account all the time, including over this past month, to pay for things from my new place abroad. i'm a really good customer, so why do i suddenly have new fees? i should be rewarded instead of charged more fees.
so, i see a strange fee that i've never seen before after making an online purchase from abroad. i was under the impression transfers could be made for free. i don't think this seems fair.
is there a fee for transferring money
why was money taken for a transfer?
i made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" its lesser than it should be.now i have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . can you please help me about this, what should be done ?
i don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account. i was helping some friends move to japan and we were buying home decorations at the local stores. the  receipts differed greatly from what showed up in my bank account and my statement. when can i expect the extra fees to be back in my account?
why is there an extra fee on a transfer?
hi,  i have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. now i have transfer the difference of the amount. i think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
a receiver made me aware that they did not receive the full transfer that i made. the amount was showing to be a bit less. i now have to make a second transfer just to make up the difference. can you reach out and let me know what's going on?
can you explain the transfer fee that i was charged?
why am i being charged for transferring money?
after reviewing my charges, i see i was charged a fee for a transfer i did, why?
why do i see a fee when i do a transfer?
how come i can see an extra charge for my transfer?
i don't think i was supposed to be charged so much.
i have a service fee that i've never seen before. it showed up after i bought something from an international seller online.
when i was transferring money i was charged extra why?
i was charged a transfer fee, why is that?
i have a fee listed for a transfer.
i noticed that there was an extra charge fee on my account. could you explain to me why?
hey there's a fee for a transfer on my account.  why?!
does it cost anything to buy something from another country? like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
why do i have an unexpected fee on my bill?
i just transferred some money. why was i charged a fee?
why is there a fee for doing a transfer?
why are there additional fees for transfers?
after a transfer, i see an extra fee.  why?
hey i thought transfers were free.  why are you charging me?
i transferred money to a receiver within the eu and they received a lesser amount than expected.  now i will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  i'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
i made a transfer and was charged an extra fee!
what is this extra fee while i was doing a transfer?
next time maybe let people know that buying things from another country costs extra. i used my card to purchase an item from another country and i was charged for the item and also an extra fee it looks like. i wasnt aware of this and i think i should get a refund.
hi! i'm a university student studying abroad and i noticed that when i was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees i was not expecting. why is that? i've had this account for years and i haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since i'm still new to international travel and finance, but i wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
will i get extra charges?
i noticed a fee, while banking abroad, that seems different than any i have been charged before. what does this fee mean?
i think i have an extra transfer charge.
i usually don't get charged for transfers, why was i this month?
why was my transfer charged a fee?
i should not have been charged a fee for my transfer.
i did a transfer and was charged a fee that should not have been charged!
i was charged a fee for a transfer. where did it come from?
why did i get charged a fee for my transfer?
how come a fee was charged when i tranferred money
why was a fee charged to me for transferring money?
why do i get a fee every time i transfer?
i was charge a fee that i wasn't told about
i noticed a charge for a transfer.  why is this?  is it because i did an international transfer?
is it right that i've been charged for transferring money?
this transfer incurred a fee that i don't think is right.
i just recently got a new beach condo in bora bora, and to furnish it i used this account a lot from overseas. it's upsetting, being a long-time customer of yours, that i saw extra fees on my account from my currency transfer. is this what i should expect from you in the future?
why was i charged a fee when making this transfer when i shouldn't have been?
i just moved overseas and i noticed that you are charging me more fees.  i am a loyal customer, is this how you expect to keep customers?
im not sure why im being charged an extra fee just for purchasing an item from another country? i paid for the item and the shipping why am i getting charged extra?
i make payments for my place abroad using this account and since i use it so frequently i was wondering why did the fees increase suddenly rather than decreasing? i would think customers like me should receive incentives for using your service
why was there a transfer fee on my account?
can my salary be received here?
how can my boss pay me directly to the card?
salary in gbp has been received. does it need to be configured into another place?
i am paid by my employer in gbp; do i need to do anything in the app to indicate this?
how can my friend give me money?
i would like to know how my friend would be able to send me money
how can i receive money?
i received a transfer in gbp how do i change it to a different currency?
how can my friend send money to me?
can i receive my salary with this in another currency?
can i receive transfers from my employer to this account?
will my gpb update my salary
how do i transfer funds if i am paid in gbp?
am i able to receive my salary this way?
what are the steps for getting money from a friend?
can i directly deposit my salary to this account?
how can i receive my salary with a different currency?
my salary is in gbp - what should i do?
i would like to receive my salary in a different currency. how does that work?
how can people transfer money to me?
i want to get my salary deposited as pesos?
my salary is deposited in gbp. do i need to choose the currency?
what do i need to do to get my salary through this?
how can you transfer my salary to my correct currency?
i need my payment in another currency
how do i find out about transfers
i received my salary in the wrong currency. how do i change this?
can i transfer my payroll to the bank?
can i receive transfers from my employer this way?
can my friend send me money if it is not in us dollars?
do i need to select a preference to receive my salary payments in gbp and, if so, where?
how do i get money from friends?
is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?
what are the steps for my friend to send me money?
can i receive payments in another currency?
what do i need to do to receive my payroll in the account?
please show me how my friend can send me money.
how do i know what my account is set to, i am paid in gbp?
can i receive money in a different countries money?
can i transfer my salary if its in gbp?
can my friend send me money?
my salary is in gbp, do i need to exchange it before putting it into my account?
do i need to convert my currency from gbp before transferring?
is it ok for a friend to send me money?
can my husband open an account and transfer money
how can i receive money from someone?
what can i use to receive my salary?
my friend wants to send me money, can she?
how can i receive money from my friend?
can i get paid for this in another currency?
can i use my salary for this?
can i transfer money using a different currency?
can i have a friend send money directly to me?
can i transfer my salary onto here?
can this app take my salary?
my salary is received in the form of gbp. is it necessary to configure this? if so, where is this done?
may i get my salary paid out in a different currency?
i use gbp for my salary deposits. must i set this up somewhere?
i was wondering, can i get my pay in another currency?
what will i need to configure if my salary is in gbp?
what currencies can i receive my salary in with this?
who can send me money?
my salary is in gbp, is this something i need to configure?
can my salary be received and transferred to my current currency in my country?
can i transfer my paycheck to the account?
how does one send me money?
my salary comes in gbp can i change my options somewhere?
how do i receive money from someone?
how can i receive my salary in another currency?
are there ways for other people to send me money?
what if i need my salary in another currency?
how would my friend be able to send me money?
will my employer be able to pay me with this service
which foreign currencies can i get transferred into my account?
is there any way to get my salary in a different currency?
what methods are available for my friend to send me money?
how to receive transfers from my employer when i get paid in gbp?
am i allowed to use different currencies?
can i receive payment in another currency?
can friends send me money?
how can my friend pay me?
i have obtained the salary in gbp, will it need to be configured?
can i use a transfer to receive my transfer?
can friends transfer money to each other?
can my job deposit my wages directly into the account.
do i need to do anything special for my friend to send money to my account?
my friend would like to send me money. what are the options available to them?
do i need to add my salary?
will you accept my salary if it's in another currency?
if my salary is in gbp, do i need to do something?
can i use a different currency with my salary?
my salary is in gbp. do i need to configure this somewhere?
how can i configure what currency my salary is in if it's in gbp?
do you support direct deposits from my employer?
can i get payed through this system?
what is happening?  i have tried to transfer money 5x already.  is the system down?  this shouldnt be happening as this is a basic transfer.
is there a reason that my transfer failed?
why didn't my transfer complete?
why was i unable to finish this transfer?
i have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, yet i can't get it to work. what is the problem? is there an issue related to your system?
your system is broken. my transfers keep failing, 5 times now.
i tried to make a transfer like five different times. why won't your system let me? is it broke?
can you tell me why i wasn't able to complete my transfer?
why wont the other bank take my money?? is it not good enough?? there's sufficient funds but i keep getting denied a standard transfer. ive tried 5 times!
is there a problem with your system being down or something? i have already tried 5 times to issue a standard transfer but i'm getting nowhere.
a transfer could not be completed.
what would cause a transfer failure?
i believe that my transfer hasn't gone through.
transfer isn't working?
can you tell me why my transfer is failing and help resolve?
transfer has failed.
did  my transfer fail?
i tried to make a transfer but it failed. will you tell me why?
i was unable to transfer money from my account.
why hasn't my transfer gone through
i really need some help to understand why my transfer keeps failing. i'm trying to send money to a friend. please help.
i have tried 5 times at this point to complete a transfer that's simply standard. what appears to be the problem? is your system messed up?
hi, i am currently in the process of buying a flat and i am waiting for the mortgage to go through but it keeps showing up as an error.  do you know what could be causing this and can you help me get the money over.
hi, i'm in progress of purchasing a flat and am trying to make to make a payment.  an error is appearing, and i need assistance.
why did my transfer not work?
the transfer keeps failing - i tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, i have no idea why
i've been trying to do a transfer multiple times and have failed? is the system down?
i have tried sending a standard transfer five times and it hasn't gone through. what is the problem?
my transfer failed when i tried.
can you explain why my transfer was unsuccessful?
why did my transfer fail?  what can i do?
my transfer failed.  help!
my transfer failed to process correctly. is there a reason this would happen?
can you help me transfer money into my friend's bank account? i tried to do it but it keeps rejecting me. i need to get the money in there asap. i have enough and all the account info is correct.
i tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.
please help my transfer go through
my transfer didn't work! help!
what could possibly be the cause of my failed transfer?
is there a reason behind why my transfer did not work?
why won't my transfer go through?
why can't i make a transfer?
i got a transfer fail message, but no explanation of why-- what happened?
why did the transfer fail when i attempted to do it earlier?
hello.  i ran into a problem with a transfer this morning.  i was trying to send money to some friends but when i tried to send it, the transfer failed.  i don't know what is causing the transfer to be rejected.  please let me know what is causing the problem.  thanks.
so, i am in the middle of purchasing a flat. i need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through. i keep receiving an error. can you find out what's going on and help me complete this transfer?
can you tell my why my funds transfer did not work properly?
why didn't my transfer work?
hi there, i've tried to make a transfer 5 different times and its not working. is your system down or something?
why can i not make a transfer?
my transfer failed, why did that happen?
the app says my transfer failed
is there a reason my transfer failed?
why was my transaction not approved?
i attemped a transfer and it didn't go through.
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
the transfer i tried to make failed.
can you please assist me in completing a transfer? i'm trying and i keep getting an error. i'm trying to purchase a flat and pay the initial mortgage payment. all i keep getting is an error. can you find out what's happening here?
why can't i transfer my money into someone else's account? i should be able to do so right? why does it keep rejecting my transfer? there's no reason, all my info is correct and the money is there.
hello, i am buying a flat and need the inital payment for the mortgage to go through. it keeps showing up as error, what is going on? can you please help me make this transfer?
why can't i complete my transfer?
my card couldn't complete a transfer, why?
hey, i'm buying a flat and i need my mortgage to go though. however, every time i check i get an error message. is there any way you can help me with this transfer.
errors keep showing up every time i try to make this transfer and i am on a time crunch,  could you please help.
why do my transfers keep failing?
why didn't this transfer work?
hi, i have been transferring money to my friends since morning, but all my transactions were getting failed. can you please look into this issue.
my transfer did not work, what was the reason?
what do i need to do to correct this failed transfer?
i tried to do a transfer and it hasn't worked!
what went wrong when i tried to do my transfer?
why does it say my transfer failed?
i don't think my transfer wen through. why?
how can i find out why my transfer didn't go through?
i needed to send my friends some money urgently.  i tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing.  can you tell me why the transfer is getting rejected?
i tried to make a transfer and it failed.
after i attempted a transfer, it failed.
i couldnt transfer money from my account.
what stopped my transfer, from being accepted?
i've already tried 5 times to complete a transfer that's just standard. what's the deal? is your system down at this time?
what caused my transfer to fail?
my transfer failed
i tried to make a transfer, but it didn't work.
how is this transfer supposed to work? it's not working for me.
this morning, i tried to send money to my friends several times but each time the transfer fails.  why does it keep failing?  the transfer gets rejected but i do not know what is causing it to be rejected.
i'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. i keep getting an error. i'm not sure what is going on but i need help making this transfer.
my transfer failed, why?
my transfer is failing when i try to do it.
i can't seem to make a standard bank transfer. i have tried at least five times already but none of them are going through. please tell me what is wrong?
what may be the reason that my transfer did not go through?
i tried to transfer money but it didn't go through
my transfer didn't complete. why can't i access funds?
been trying to transfer money this morning but keep getting rejected. i don't understand why this is happening.
hi, i'm trying to purchase a flat and i'm needing the first payment for the mortgage to go through on the flat i'm trying to buy. for some reason i keep getting an error.can you assist in making this transfer? what is going on?
my transfer didn't work how come?
hi i'm sending some money over to an investment bank i do business and the transaction is being rejected. i'm not sure why as i think i have the right details.
i think my transfer failed. what do i do now?
i attempted a transfer, but it failed.
i couldn't make a transfer
hello. i'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but it keeps getting rejected. can you help me?
the transfer keeps rejected, i tried to transfer some money to friends but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, would you please check the issue?
i've been trying to make a transfer and it doesn't seem to be working. (5 times) what is wrong with your system?
why are my transfers not going through.  i have tried over 4 times to get it to work.  this is just a simple transfer.  is something else causing this in the system?  is it broken?
why was i not able to complete my transfer?
the transfer keeps failing , i tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, would you please check the issue?
why was my transaction declined?
why wouldn't a transfer go through?
can you please tell me why my transfer failed?
i did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
why has my payment not transferred?
i tried to do a transfer but it didn't go through.
the attempted transfer failed.
i need help making this transfer. i keep getting an error. i'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my mortgage payment to go through first. can you help?
why does my transfer keep failing? i've tried 5 times and they all failed.
a mortgage payment i'm making is giving me an error message.  this is the first time i'm making this payment and want to know what's wrong.
hi, can you tell me why my transfer keeps being rejected? i've been trying to send money to my friends this morning but failed every time and i have no idea why?
i need assistance completing a transfer. i'm trying to purchase a flat and need the money for the initial mortgage payment. i keep getting an error and the transfer is not going through. what is going on here?
what are the reasons that my mortgage payment won't go through? i'm getting an error and don't know how to correct to get this transfer to go through.
why was i unable to complete my transfer?
hi, i'm buying my son bertie a starter home in london.  i'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent. it's only £200,000 but seems to be throwing an error.  what is going on?  if i wait any longer the house prices might rise, can you look in to it please?
i'm trying to make a bank transfer but it's not going through. could there not be enough funds to transfer or something? have i done it too many times?
i need to know what is going on. i'm attempting to purchase a flat and need the money to pay on my initial mortgage payment. i'm only getting an error. can you find out what's going on and help in making the transfer?
can you please explain why my transfer failed?
i think youre system may be broken because i have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working!  i'm not doing anything complicated it is what i usually do.
i am trying to transfer money and something is going wrong.
i am unsuccessfully trying to make a transfer can you help?
i can't transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, it keeps rejecting it. can you tell me why? i have enough funds in my account to transfer.
why did the bank reject my transfer?
i tried and tried, but i could not complete my transfer. tell me what is wrong.
i'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. i want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. can you help me?
the transger i tried to make failed.
when i tried to transfer funds to my friend today i was unable to do so, why?
i've tried to send money to my friends and i keep getting rejected. can you please tell me why, i don't understand.
why do i have a failed transfer
i've tried completing a very standard transfer and have already attempted it 5 times. what's going on here? is there a problem with your system?
when i attempted to make a transfer, it failed.
why can't my transfer complete?
why can't i complete the transfer?
i want to transfer money. how do i do that for my account?
how do i transfer money into my account?
how can i link my bank to my top up account?
i have an account that is empty of funds. can i transfer some from another bank?
how do i transfer money from my bank account?
whats the transfer process
how can you assist me on topping up on bank transfers to my account?
can i add money to my account via bank transfer?
i want to op up my account by using bank transfer. how do i go about it?
i have questions about how to transfer money to my account.
i need to add money to my account. can i do so via bank transfer?
can i use my bank account to send me more money?
i can't figure out how to transfer money into my account.
can you please explain how to transfer money using the bank transfer process?
how simple is it to transfer money into my account?
how can my account have money transferred into it?
i am in desperate need to transfer funds from another account that i have into this one, how do i do that?
how do i use bank transfer to top up my account?
how do i top up?
why can i not transfer money into my account?
how can i move money from an account at another bank to this one?
what process should i use to transfer money into my account?
i want to transfer money into my account, what do i do?
i need to deposit money to my account
can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
what do you do to transfer money to my account?
how can i move money from my account at a different bank to the account i have at this bank.
please provide details on how to top up my account using transfer option
where can i find out how to transfer money into my account.
how does it work when i transfer money into my account?
i need assistance with transferring funds to another account.
how can i add money to my account from another account i have?
i have money in a foreign account that i want to send to this account.
how can i transfer money into my account?
i need to move money from another bank to this account.
i need to transfer money into this account from my other bank account.
how do i go forth with bank transfers for top up accounts?
i have an account at another bank, but i want to transfer some of the money to my account here.
.
i want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
what are my bank details so i can do a transfer?
how would i use a bank transfer for topping my account?
i would like to know how to transfer money into my account.
my account is devoid of funds. am i permitted to submit additional money via bank transfer?
how does a bank transfer for topping my account work?
i'd like to know how transferring my money into my account works.
how is my money transferred to the account
how do i top up my account with a bank transfer?
i need to transfer money to my account from another bank
i would like to transfer money into my account.
i would like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
i want to transfer money into my account
what transfer methods do you accept?
i need to transfer money into my account, and i don't know how to do that.
i need to transfer money into my account, how?
can i transfer money to my card via bank-transfer?
how can i transfer some money into a foreign account?
i need to know the process to transfer money into my account.
can i add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
what currencies can i use to top up my account?
how do i top up my account using transfer?
account topping up bank transfers to my account assistance please?
i want to take some funds from my other bank account and add them to this one.
i need more money in my account. can i add more by transferring?
how do i go about transferring money into my bank account?
how do i go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
how do i initiated a bank transfer to top up?
how can i transfer money between accounts?
whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
i would like to top up my account with a bank transfer, is that allowed?
how can i deposit money to my account?
i have zero dollars in my account. can i submit additional funds via bank transfer?
what are the steps for  making a transfer for topping up?
for my account, how do i transfer money in?
how do i transfer money between two of my accounts?
what is the procedure to transfer money to my account?
is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
i have no more money in my account.  is there a way to do a bank transfer to put money into my account?
i need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
i want to transfer a sum of money from another bank account i have into this one
can i transfer money to my account with the app?
can you tell me how transferring money into my account works?
help! my account doesn't show any funds. is transferring funds an option i can use?
how do i transfer cash my into my account?
how can i top up my account by bank transfer?
i was wondering about transferring money into my account and how it works.  can you tell me about that?
my money is all gone. what ways are okay to add money to my account?
i need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
what is the process for transferring money into my account?
tell me how to top up my account using bank transfer.
can i top-up my card using a bank transfer.
can i use a bank transfer to add money to my account?
i want to top up by transfering accounts, what do i do?
show me how to transfer to my account
how does your app transfer the money
how do i deposit through bank transfer?
my account is depleted. can i transfer funds from another bank?
can you please explain the topping up transfer process?
what can i expect if i use bank transfer to top up my account?
i want to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
i want to transfer money from another account into this one.
i would like to move money from one account to another to top off my account. can you explain how i can do that?
can i withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
how can i go about transferring money to my account?
how can i transfer money to this account from another bank?
can i transfer money i the app
how do i transfer money from one bank account to another?
what steps are taken to transfer money into my account?
i am out of money in my account and i was wondering if i could do a bank transfer is put more in it?
can you please explain how bank transfers work?
can you help me transfer funds from another bank account to this account?
i am looking to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
where do i go to transfer money from one account to this one
i need money put into this account from another one.
do you know how i can verify that i did a top-up to my card?
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
the top-up card is verified how?
tell me about verifying top-up
what is the verification code for my top up card?
explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
how can i verify my top-up card?
can you show me how to verify the top-up card?
can you explain to me the way to verify my top up has gone through?
i can't find the top-up card verification code.
i would like to receive instructions showing the verification process for top up cards..
where is the top-up verification code located?
for what reason must i authenticate the top up?
what's my top-up verification code?
why do the top-ups need to be verified?
does the top-up need verified?
i am having trouble finding the top-up card verification code.
why do you ask for top-up verification?
where can i find the top up verification code?
how is top-up verified?
do i need to verify my top-up card?
how do i verify my card?
what is the point of verifying a top up?
how do i verify my top up?
how do i find the top-up verification code?
why does top-up need to be verified?
why do i have to verify top up?
i'm trying to verify my top-up card, but i can't find the code...?
how can i verify the top-up card?
how do i find the code to verify the top up card?
i need to find the top up verification code
please help me find my top-up verification code
where can i find the verification code for the card top-up?
do i need to verify my top-up?
why do we need to verify a top-up card?
i have a top up card. where is the verification code?
how do i find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
how do i find my top-up card's verification code?
how do i verify the top-up?
how many digits identify the top-up verification code?
what is the significance of verifying the top-up?
why do we need to verify top-up?
please verify my top-up card
is there a reason why top-up needs verifying?
i don't know where the top-up verification code is.
verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
i can't see a verification code anywhere
verify top-up card help?
what do i do to verify a top-up?
is there a way to verify a card top-up?
how to verify top up card?
why are top-ups being verified?
why verify the top up? it doesnt make sense
the top-up verification code is not visible.
i just tried to top-up and now i'm getting an additional verification message, why?
where do i find my code to verify my top-up card?
why verify the top-ups?
can you tell me where to find the top-up verification code?
how do i verify the top-up card?
help me verify the card used on a top-up.
on a card top-up, where can i verify?
i'm trying to verify my top up card, how do i do that?
what is the verification process used for?
where is my top-up verification code?
where can i find my top-up verification code?
where is the top-up verification code?
i don't see a code anywhere on my top-up card? where can i find it? i need to verify!
why do i have to verify my top-up card?
do i have to verify the top-up?
why do i need to verify the top-up?
where can i find the verification code for the top up card?
i can't see a top-up top-up verification code.
i don't see the verification code for my card transfer.
why does top-up require verification?
is there a reason i need to verify top up
is the verification number on the top up card
what  is the verification process for a top up card?
where is the top-up card verification code?
how do i verify the top up?
i am looking for my top-up verification code and cannot find it.
how do i authenticate a top-up card?
do i need to verify the top-up?
what's the deal with verifying the top-up?
can you tell me where to find my top-up verification code?
where is the top up verification code found?
please tell me how to verify my top up card.
how do i secure a top-up card?
what's up with verifying top-ups?
why do i need to verify a top-up?
can i verify my top-up card?
why is it necessary to verify the top up?
why should i verify the top-up?
this verifying the top up is annoying
why do we need to verify top-ups?
how are top-ups verified?
tell me how i can verify a card top-up.
do i need to verify my top up?
my top up card needs verification and i don't know how to do it
where's my top up code?
where do i find the verification code for the card i'm topping up?
where can i find the verification code for a top-up?
where do i verify a top-up card?
what is the top up code for?
why do you verify the top up
tell me why i need top-up to be verified?
i just want to top-up, why do i need to verify anything?
verifying top-up cards necessary?
where is the top-up verification code sent?
what's a verification code?
tell me how to verify a top up.
where is the verification code display?
what can i do to verify my card?
why is top-up verified?
why do i need top-up to be verified?
how do i authenticate my top-up?
what is the verification process for my card?
i don't see the top-up verification code anywhere
i'm being asked for a verification code. where do i find it?
why does a top- up need to be verify?
help my find the verification code on a top-up.
how can i verify my top up?
i need help finding the verification code on the top up card.
what does top-up verification do?
i can not find the top-up verification code.
how do i go about verifying the top-up card?
why do i need to verify the top up?
are extra charges added for sending out additional cards?
i'd like to order an additional card
i want some extra physical cards.
i would like open a second card for my daughter, how can you assist me?
am i gonna be charged for sending out more cards?
would i have to pay anything if i need an additional card?
is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
can i get a few more physical cards?
what's the limit on total number of cards i can have?
is there a charge for sending out more cards?
how much does it cost to get more cards?
how can i create another card linked to this account?
may i order another card?
can i order another card?
can i order a second card?
can i have more physical cards?
how many physical cards am i allowed to have?
i want to get few more physical cards
please tell me if i'm going to be charged for sending out more cards?
can i get more cards just incase?
would i be able to get a second card?
do you charge for sending out more cards?
i need a second card on this account for my daughter.
how can i get another card?
can i have a third card?
i have left my card at my parents house. can you send me a spare one please to use in the meantime?
i'd like to provide my daughter with a card - could i get an additional card from my account to give her?
what is the price for an additional card?
can i get a second card for free?
will i be charged if i add more cards to the account?
how many cards am i allowed?
can my daughter also have a card issued in her name, but linked to my account?
i'd like to order another card
can i have a supplementary card?
i lost my card and need a new one, will it cost me?
my daughter need a card from this account. is that possible?
my daughter would like a card from my account?  can i do this?
are there any fees to get additional cards?
can you send me more cards for my account?
i would like some more physical cards, what is my limit?
can i have a duplicate second card?
i want to give a second card for this account to my daughter, would this be possible?
what is the procedure for me to get more cards on my account?
am i permitted to have a spare card?
i was wondering if i could get a second card on this account? i would like my daughter to have one.
do i have to pay for a second card?
i would like to purchase another card.
is it possible to order another card?
i'd like to have extra cards. will i have to pay for that?
how do i get a spare card?
how do i request more physical cards?
what steps do i need to get another card?
i would like more physical cards
is there a charge for getting more cards?
can i have a second card issued to another family member?
how do i obtain a second card?
how much is it to buy another card? i was hoping to buy another one.
where do i order additional cards?
how much would an extra card cost?
i would like an extra card.
do you send duplicate cards?
i would like to use one of my cards for a family member. is that allowed?
can another family member hold a card for this account in addition to mine?
i need another card
if i need an additional card, is there a fee for that?
i want a new card
will i get charged for sending out more cards?
how many different cards can i have for my account?
i need more physical cards.
am i allowed to carry an additional card?
does it cost extra to send out more than one card?
how do i get extra physical cards?
can i get spare cards?
is it possible to get another card?
i need more physical cards than i have right now!
is a new debit card free?
how many cards can i have?
if i want to send out more cards, do you charge extra for that?
do you charge extra for duplicate cards?
i would like to get additional physical cards at this time
how do i receive more physical cards
if i want to be able to give my daughter a card for my account, would i be allowed to get one for her?
would it be possible for me to get a second card?
i am interested in giving a second card to my daughter, how can i make this happen?
is it possible for me to give my daughter a second card for this account?
daughter needs card, how do i add her
is there any way to get another card on the same account?
if i need more than cards will i have to pay a fee to receive them?
i need a new card.
i'd like to get another card
if i get another card, what kind of fees am i looking at?
will there be a charge for sending out more cards?
i would like to get a few more physical cards.
how many active cards can i have?
how much does it cost for additional cards?
what should i do if i want to get another card for someone in my family?
how do i order another card?
i'm looking to get an additional card.
can i get another card?
i would like to get some extra cards?
is it free to send out more cards?
is it possible to purchase more physical cards with my account?
is there a fee for sending out more cards?
how much is it to send out additional cards?
will it cost me to get a second card?
how do i get another card
is there a fee for sending additional cards?
is it possible to have a second card?
i would like a second card.
what is the charge for sending out more cards?
i would like to give another card to my daughter, how can i proceed?
what's the process to receive a second card?
how is it possible to add another card to account
how do i go about ordering another card?
how do i get extra cards?
do you send more than one card?
are extra cards free?
do you charge for sending more cards?
can i have another card in addition to my first one?
i need a second card, can i have more than one?
i want a backup second card. is this possible?
physical cards are what i need more of
can i have a spare card for this account please?
i need two cards. is this possible?
can i have more than one card?
i need another card for a member of my family. is this possible? how soon can i get one?
is there any way i can get more physical cards to use with my account?
can i give a second card for this account to my daughter?
is it possible to give a second card from my account to my daughter?
help me please, i need to top up cash.
do you have any options to top up with a cheque on my account?
is there somewhere i can send a check to add to my account?
will a cheque suffice?
i can't find any option to top up with a cheque?
how do i top up with a cheque?
can i use a check to get gas?
can i deposit a check?
where can i deposit a check
how can i put more money into my account?
is there anyway to use a cheque to top up?
how do i top up with cash?
can i add money to my account with cash?
i want to top up by cheque
can i top up using cash?
can i mail in a check to top up?
how do i use a cheque to top up?
where's the button to top up with a cheque?
i can't find how to top up my account with a check.  where is that?
do you take checks?
is there such thing as top up by cheque?
i got a cheque that i want to top up with?
what is not accepted in order for me to top up my account?
can i only top-up digitally? or could i use cash?
i want to top up my account with a cheque
how can i add physical money to my card?
i need to top up using a cheque
can i top up with cash
how do i top up by cheque?
i want to do a cash deposit to top up. how do i do this?
who do i make a check out to if i want to top off my account?
what types of top-up methods do you accept?
how can i top up with a cheque?
can i top up with check?
can i cash deposit to top up my account
what apps can i use to top up my account?
how dp i top up with a cheque ?
i would like to use this cheque to top up.  can you tell me how to do that?
what are the steps for depositing cash into my account?
can i top-up by cheque?
can i use a cheque to top up my account
i'm trying to use a cheque to top up
how do you top up with a cheque?
i need a hand here, i need to top up cash.
where do i go to top up with cash?
will i be able to top up by cheque?
can i top up using my cheque?
why can't i top up by cheque?
where do i find how to top off with a check?
can i write a cheque to top up?
can cash be used in physical locations to top up?
is topping up with cash allowed?
what are my payment options for topping off my account?
i wish to top up using a cheque.
where do i look for cash top up?
where can i find top up by cash deposit?
how do i find top up for cash deposit
how do i deposit cash?
i would like to top up with check
can i deposit a check here?
is it possible for me to top up with cash?
i would like to use cash to make a top-up?
i wish to be able to top up with cash.
where do i top up?
do you accept cheques for top-up?
how do i use a check to top up?
is it possible to top up using a cheque?
where is the option to top up with a cheque?
what is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
can i use check to deposit?
where can i deposit cash to top up?
is there an option to top up with a cheque?
help, i need to top up my account. where do i send a check?
i'll send a check to top up my account
is it possible for me to top up with a cheque?
if i need to top up with cash where should i look?
i want to deposit my check to top up my account
what physical locations can i use cash to top up?
can you tell me where to find top up by cash deposit?
how do i use cash to top up my account?
how do i top-up my card with a cheque?
am i able to top up with this cheque i received?
i would like to pay by cheque.
i want to use a cheque to pay.
can i purchase with cash or cheque?
where would i find top up by cash deposit?
can i add to my account using a cheque?
is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
how do i get top up with cash deposit
do you accept cash?
may i transfer a cheque into my account?
can i use a check to top up?
no option to top up with a cheque ?
how can i fill up my gas tank using a check?
how can i add money to my account if you don't accept cash
i want to use cash to top up.
what form of payments can i use for topping up?
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work
how do i add cash to my account?
are cheques accepted for a top up?
can i use check to top up
how do you top-up using cash?
can i top up my balance with a cheque?
i tried to deposit a cheque into my account and it is not letting me.
can i top up online?
what's the best way to use a cheque to top up?
how would i top up with a cheque?
what is your check-cashing policy?
can i use cash to top up
i can't find out how to top-up my account using cash.
how long before a check i send clears?
how can i top up my account with a cheque?
can i top up my account with a check?
do you accept cheques for top ups?
how much does it cost for a physical card?
where can the cards be delivered?
what do i do to get a physical card?
can i request a card?
do i have to pay for a physical card?
i need an actual card that i can hold in my hand, how do i do that?
what steps do i do to get a real card
can you tell me exactly what fees i will expect to see in regards to your cards?
what do i do to get ahold of my own card?
are cards delivered to my location?
is it possible to get a physical card?
i would like to request a card.
i need to order a new card.
can you send me the actual card?
i would like to get a physical card, but i don't know how. can you help me?
how do i get a new card
where do you need to live to receive card
how do i get a real card?
how do i go about getting an actual card?
please tell me how i can receive a physical card
i would like a physical card
where are your cards delivered to?
can i order a card please?
tell me how i can order my card.
does it cost anyting to get my own card?
is a physical card also available
do physical cards cost money?
are physical card available?
i want to request a physical card
is there a charge for a physical card?
do you ship your cards anywhere?
i want a real card
where do you deliver cards to?
where are the cards delivered to
what do i owe for a new card?
is it possible to order a card?
what areas are cards delivered to?
where can i order a card?
is there a fee to get an actual card?
do i need to add money before i order a card
what does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
is there a fee for physical cards?
how can receive a physical card
can i have a tangible form of my virtual card.
where will i get my card?
help me order my card.
where do i go to order my card?
can i get a physical card for free, or is there a charge?
how do i get my card?
is a physical charge extra
where do your cards get delivered to?
do i receive the physical card for free
i really want a physical card. how do i get one?
can i get a physical card online
what do i need to do to get a card?
i would like a card please.
i need to get hold of a physical card?
can i get a new card?
can i get a card in person?
how can i order a card?
can i order a card?
where do you export the cards to?
can i receive my card anywhere?
how do i ask for a physical card?
how to order my card?
where can i get a physical card?
how much for an actual card?
can you tell me how do i get a card?
how do i actually obtain a card myself?
card delivery services? where?
can i get an actual card
i would like a  physical card sent to me.
how can i order my card?
do i get a card to keep in my wallet?
how do i order a card?
what is the process for getting an actual physical card?
what is the price for a physical card?
at which locations can i order a card?
is it possible to get a real card?
i would really like a physical card.
can i get a physical card
where do we mail the card?
how to receive the actual card
what is the cost for physical cards?
do i get an actual card?
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
how do i order my card?
how do i receive a card?
can cards be delivered? where?
is there a fee to order a physical card?
how do i go about ordering a card?
i need to get a card, how do i do that?
what do i need to do in order to get a new card?
show me where to order my card.
is there anywhere that a card cannot be delivered?
how do i receive a physical card?
i need a physical card.  what are the fees?
how much for a physical card?
where do i order a card?
where do you mail physical cards?
is payment required to get a card of my own?
i still don't have a card. how do i get one?
where do i find our how to get a physical card?
what are the places that you deliver cards to?
where are cards available to order?
what locations are cards delivered to?
how much is a physical card?
do i get a real card?
what fees do you charge for the standard card?
i want a physical card
will you charge for a physical card?
i'm interested in getting a card. how does one go about doing that?
how would i go about getting a physical card to use in stores?
will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
i would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. how can i get one?
what's the procedure for getting a card?
where are the cards transported to?
what fees are charged for a physical card?
can i order cards on the app
can i revive a physical card.
why isn't my disposable virtual card working?
can i use my virtual card to complete transactions for memberships?
why won't my virtual card work?
my virtual card is just not going through.
my virtual card isn't working.
my disposable virtual card was rejected.
my disposable virtual card got rejected
why was my virtual card rejected?
my throwaway virtual card won't work
my disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
the virtual card won't work.
is there a reason why my virtual card won't work?
help me get the virtual card working.
i can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
my disposable virtual card isn't working.
i tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected. what can i do to fix this?
i can't use my virtual disposable card
how do i get this damn virtual card to work?
i can't get the virtual card to work
this disposable virtual card is not working.
i cannot get virtual card to work
my virtual car is not working.
i cannot get my disposable virtual card to work
i cannot get my virtual card to function.
what is the reason i got rejected for using my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym?
i can't get my virtual card to work at all
i can't get my virtual card to work.
i can't do any business with this virtual card.
i received my virtual card information, but was unable to use it to make a purchase. why did this happen and what can i do?
why can't i make multiple payments with my virtual card?
please help me.  my disposable virtual card won't work right.
can i use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
virtual card won't work for me
my disposable virtual card won't work.
i tried to use my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym and it got rejected. any ideas why?
why is my disposable card not working?
what do i have to do to get the virtual card to work?
what do i do if my disposable virtual card doesn't work?
i can't make purchases with my virtual card.
i have a disposable card but it does not work?
my virtual card was rejected for a car rental. why?
the wrong exchange rate was applied to me while pulling out cash.
i got less cash because of the exchange rate.
why is the fee for taking money out so high?  i feel i was overcharged and i would have never used this atm if i would have known ahead of time.
i believe a wrong exchange rate was applied towards a cash transaction i made abroad.
when i got my cash, the amount was not what it should have been, based on the exchange rate.
i tried using a foreign currency at an atm, but the atm provided me an incorrect rate. why is that?
over the holiday i withdrew cash from the atm and it seems that i was severely overcharged. had i known that i would be charged those fees, i would not have used the atm!
i think when i withdrew money when out of country the exchange rate was wrong.
why did my exchange rate change?
hello, in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your atms. i did not had any clue about the horrible charges otherwise i would not have withdrawn.
can i make a withdraw in my home currency at an atm? i'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. this is cause for a bit of concern. is it possible to withdraw here without additional fees?
i have made a withdraw from an atm this last holiday, why is there such a high charge from this transaction?
the exchange rate is incorrect for my cash withdrawal transaction.
i think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
when i got cash, the exchange rate applied was wrong.
while abroad, i got cash, and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
i think i was charged a different exchange rate than what was posted at the time.
foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an atm i used.
i was overcharged at an atm while on vacation. i needed cash so i had to use it, but your charges are outregous and i wish i would have known beforehand.
the exchange rate for my withdrawal was wrong.
hi, i have withdrawn cash from the atm on holiday and i guess withdrawal amount has been overcharged. i did it as i was not aware of these charges.
i withdrew  money from the atm and was overcharged.  it said nothing about an extra fee.
i think the exchange rate was incorrect.
the exchange rate for the money i took out in a foreign country is wrong.
when i made a cash transfer abroad the wrong exchange rate was applied
what are weekend rates for getting cash
i believe i got a wrong exchange rate when i got cash.
the exchange rate was messed up from the atm
do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? i don't have any money on me and i'm on holiday so i'm concerned. also, will i be charged anything to do this?
after i got my cash, i found out my exchange rate was wrong.
can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction i did overseas
i was abroad and needed some cash, but i think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
why did you give me so little currency?
i traded some of my money from my native country into an atm to exchange for foreign currency, and the money i received was a different equating amount!
what are the exchange rates for getting cash
someone may have made an error in figuring out the rate of exchange.  i should have received more cash than i did on my most recent withdrawal.
is there extra fees for making a withdraw in a different country at a cash machine.
i had trouble with an incorrect rate being applied when using the atm with foreign currency.
i didnt get the correct exchange rate for getting cash
do you offer free atm withdrawals of ones hometown currency while on holiday?
can i get money in my home currency at some atm ? as i am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
i used the atm to get money out and did not realize i would be charged as much as i was or i would not have done that!
i didn't get the right amount of  cash because of the exchange rate.
hello,  in my most recent atm transaction, i didn't receive nearly as much cash as i thought i would - what is your exchange rate policy?
using international atms messes up the exchange rate.
you've incorrectly calculated the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
i was needing you to see if the exchange rate is correct from when i got cash
i did not get the right exchange rate while getting my cash out.
why is the exchange rate different than expected on my transaction?
i think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
is there a fee associated with using foreign exchange atms?
when i exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
can i get money back in my home currency at  atm? as i am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
the wrong exchange rate applied to my cash withdrawal.
i don't think the exchange rate was right.
i exchanged cash when traveling and the rate was incorrect.
what is the exchange rate when i get cash
i noticed my exchange rate was incorrect when i got cash.
why is the exchange rate so high? this should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
is it possible to use an atm when i am not in the country and make a withdraw with out extra fees?
this past holiday i made a withdraw at the atm machine, and it seems i've been charged too much.
my exchange rate is wrong when i get cash.
why did i only receive this much currency?
when i got cash the exchange rate was wrong
an overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
i didn't receive the correct amount of cash when i exchanged it overseas.
i needed some cash while abroad, and i'm pretty sure the wrong exchange rate was applied.
i believe that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawl is incorrect.
what is the correct exchange rate for getting cash
i'm unhappy with the exchange rate your cash transactions.
i think that the exchange rate for the withdrawal of my cash is not right.
the cash withdrawal i took seems to be off. the exchange rate is wrong.
i got cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
i wasn't applied the correct exchange rate when getting cash
i need an accurate exchange rate, when i make my withdrawals.
can i withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
i noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
when i was abroad the exchange rate for me was wrong.
what on earth is up with the exchange rate! this should have been a much higher amount of cash
can the exchange rate change while i am in the process of making a withdrawal?
the exchange rate was wrong?
how come when i got cash the exchange rate was different than it should be
my rate is not right when i used my card in a different country's money.
how can i get money in my home currency while i'm traveling internationally? i wanted to take it out of a local atm but am worried that i will get charged extra fees.
i got cash abroad and need to check the exchange rate
can i get money in my home currency at an atm? i'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. this is cause for a bit of concern. is it possible to withdraw here without additional cost?
can i make a withdraw in my home currency at an atm? i'm on vacation and am a bit worried because i don't have cash with me. is it possible to withdraw here without any additional costs or fees?
the amount of cash i requested to withdrawal did not match what i received when exchanged
i did not have the right exchange rate applied to my situation of pulling out cash
the exchange rate was different when i got cash
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal
i had the wrong exchange rate applied to some cash i got abroad.
i believe my exchange rate is incorrect
i found the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
the cash abroad exchange rate is applied wrong.
the atm i used for foreign currency provided the wrong exchange rate.
what is the exchange rate for foreign atms
the exchange rate for me was wrong when i was abroad.
help me!  when i was abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
my cash withdrawl has the wrong rate of exchange.
while abroad i got cash, and a wrong exchange rate was applied.
i got money overseas and the exchange rate was wrong
the exchange rate i got for cash was wrong
the exchange rate for case abroad is applied wrong.
when i received my money, it was not in the correct amount. the exchange rate was not what it should have been.
i tried withdrawing money in another country and the exchange rate was wrong.
i withdrew some cash and the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
i withdraw money abroad but i didn't get the right amount.
the applied exchange rate is wrong for the cash i got abroad.
i am reluctant to use atms international because i don't get an accurate exchange rate
i didn't receive the correct exchange rate when i got cash.
how did you arrive at the rate of exchange? i thought that i would get more cash.
i think the exchange rate for the cash i withdrew was wrong.
can i get money in my home currency at my atm ?i am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me .is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
when i received my cash; they had my exchange rate incorrect.
i was given the wrong exchange rate when getting cash
i thought i was going to receive more currency?
while on vacation i used an atm to get cash and was overcharged. these charges are ridiculous and had i known about them i would have never used it.
what is wrong with the exchange rate? this should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
when i got cash, my exchange rate was off.
please tell me how the exchange rate is determined. i was expecting more money for the transaction.
the exchange rate was different than expected
i think that there was an error in calculating the exchange rate.  i recently withdrew cash and received much less than expected.
what are the exchange rates for foreign currency atms
i'm upset because i got charged a ridiculous fee when making an atm withdrawal over a holiday weekend.  it didn't notify me beforehand either or i wouldn't have ever done it.
when i received my cash, the exchange rate was wrong.
i was using foreign currency at an atm, but the rate was typed in wrong.
on my last trip, i received the incorrect exchange rate.
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
the exchange rate applied was incorrect when i was traveling outside the country.
whats wrong with my currency exchange?
can you please check the exchange rate when i was getting cash?
the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal was incorrect
the wrong exchange rate was used for my cash withdrawal
i'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. i went on holiday and don't have any cash on me. will your machine charge me extra to do this?
i withdrew cash and i think the exchange rate is wrong.
how do you figure out the exchange rate? can you explain why i got less money than expected?
i got cash and the exchange rate should have been different than it ended up being.
rates were applied wrong while using foreign currency at an atm.
i was charged an incorrect exchange rate for a withdrawal.
my atm transaction shorted me on cash, and i think the exchange rate was wrong. did i receive the correct rate?
i draw out money from your atm during holidays, and was charged insanely. i wouldn't have done it, if i had a little sense about the shocking charges.
in a recent withdrawal i received less cash than i expected to receive.  did someone make an error with the exchange rate?
when i got cash i believe that the exchange rate was wrong
the rate applied to my foreign currency at an atm was incorrect.
i tried to use the atm with foreign currency. the conversion rate applied was wrong.
i am perplexed. why is it that i received an extremely wrong rate when i tried to use an atm using a foreign currency?
i made an atm withdrawal over the holiday and then later realized i was charged an exorbitant fee!  i never would've made this withdrawal if i'd known i'd be charged so much.
i am travelling and i tried to withdraw cash but didn't get what i was supposed to get.
i got some cash out of the atm over the holiday and it seems that i've been grossly overcharged. i wouldn't have done that if i knew of these outrageous charges!
the exchange rate was wrong in the foreign country i got cash in.
the exchange rate for foreign atm currency is wrong.
can i get money in my home currency at some atm? i'm on holiday and am a bit concerned because i don't have any cash with me, it is possible to withdraw here already without any additional cost?
i think the exchange rate for the cash i withdrew wasn't correct.
the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
i have a question about atm transactions. can i take money out of an atm when i'm traveling abroad? and, can i get the money in my home currancy?
you got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
i withdrew cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
you applied the wrong exchange rate while i was traveling outside the country.
why was my cash withdrawal given the wrong exchange rate?
i think the exchange rate is wrong for my atm withdrawal
what do you use disposable cards on?
how do i get a disposable virtual card as well?
i want a disposable virtual card, how do i do that?
what are the disposable cards for?
i need a disposable virtual card. please tell me how to order one.
what systems do you have in place for my security when using my card for everyday purchases?
why use a disposable card?
how can i get disposable virtual cards?
can you tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
can i get a virtual card online
how do i request a disposable virtual card?
how can i create a disposable virtual card?
when will you be taking orders for disposable virtual cards?
who can purchase a disposable virtual card?
how does a disposable virtual card work?
what is the function of the disposable cards?
do i need a disposable card?
is there a disposable virtual card?
please tell me how disposable virtual cards work?
how do i get a disposable virtual card?
can you please explain disposable virtual cards for me?
how do i create a disposable virtual card?
why would i need a disposable card?
what are the disposable cards used for?
what are these disposable virtual cards all about?
what is the process to create a disposable virtual card?
will you tell me how i am supposed to use the disposable cards?
how about disposable virtual cards?
please send me a disposable virtual card.
i want to make an online purchase but i don't want to use my credit card. can you tell me how a disposable virtual card works and where i can apply for one?
what can i do with a disposable virtual card?
do you have the option for a disposable virtual card?
what are disposable virtual cards?
i want a virtual card that is disposable
i would like a disposable virtual card, could i get one?
please can i get a disposable virtual card as well?
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
where do i get a disposable card
in what way can i use the disposable cards?
how can i go about getting a disposable virtual card?
how do the cards work?
i need to get a disposable virtual card?
how can i get a disposable virtual card?
can i get a disposable virtual card?
how can disposable cards be used?
please explain how i use the disposable cards?
can you tell me more info about virtual disposable cards?
i need a disposable virtual card.
can you point me in the right direction of where to go to roder a disposable virtual card, i can't seem to find it.
what is the procedure for depositing a virtual card
can i get a virtual card
i would like to know more about what a disposable virtual card is?
are there any disposable virtual cards?
please tell me about disposable cards.
how would i use a disposable card?
how do i order a disposable virtual card?
where do i order a disposable virtual card?
can you provide me a disposable virtual card?
the disposable cards, what are they for?
can you help me get a disposable virtual card?
can i order a disposable virtual card?
are there virtual disposable cards?
is it possible to get a disposable virtual card as well?
can you tell me what are disposable cards for?
can i use a disposable virtual card for any purchase?
what can you use the disposable cards for?
where do i get a disposable virtual card?
how do i use disposable cards?
can you tell me what the disposable cards are used for?
is there a way to use this app with a disposable virtual card?
what are the uses for disposable cards?
tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
how can i get a virtual card for a one-time transaction?
can you tell me where i can order a disposable virtual card?
i don't understand what a disposable virtual card is, can you help?
what are these disposable cards meant for?
what do the disposable cards do?
how do i receive a disposable virtual card?
is there a disposable virtual card option?
please explain how disposable virtual card work.
i'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. please help.
how do i use the disposable cards?
how do i know if i need a disposable card?
am i able to order a disposable virtual card?
can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card?
how can i obtain a disposable virtual card?
can you tell me where to go to get a disposable virtual card?
is there any way i get a disposable virtual card as well?
i'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
how to a go about ordering a disposable virtual card?
i need a single use card for shopping online
i need to deposit my virtual card, how do i do that.
what are the benefits of a disposable card?
what is the disposable card for?
i have heard about these disposable virtual cards but don't understand how they work.
the disposable cards - what are they for?
i think my top-up has failed.
top-up is not working
my top up is not working
my top-up hasn't gone through, what happened?
my top-up was rejected by an app.
for what reason did my top-up fail?
i can't add any more money.
why won't my top up work
i topped up but the app denied it
my money i added isn't on my card.
hi, my card is getting declined continuously when i am trying to top-up. request you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives.
my credit card was declined for top-up. can you see if there is enough funds in my account?
why did my credit card get declined for top up?
hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. i was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. could you please assist?
i've been trying to transfer funds to top-up my card, but the transaction is not going through.  is there something i'm doing wrong?
seems like my top-up has failed
i really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! can you please resolve this problem or try an alternative
hey, i attempted to top up my card today and for some reason it didn't work. when i did it the other way it worked just fine. could you help me figure out why this is happening please?
i believe my top up has failed
i tried using my credit card with top up but it didn't work! i thought it was supposed to?
my credit card for was not approved for a top-up transaction.  what happened?
why isn't my topup working?
my credit card did not go through. can you see if it has insufficient funds?
can i tell if my top off didn't work?  it doesn't seem to have.
hi, my card is getting declined during top-up. as it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any.
my top up is giving me problems. what is wrong with it?
i got my card a few days ago but am unable to top up. i'm thinking about closing my account because of this. what is going on?
looks like my top up failed.
i urgently need to top-up my card but its getting declined. please help me in this or advise with other options if any.
the top-up i ordered didn't process.
i don't think that my top-up worked.
tell me why my topup wouldn't go through?
i did a bank transfer to top up, but the money is not available.
what reasons would a topup fail?
i tried topping up my account but it failed, can you help me?
why has my top up failed?
so my top-up failed, could you tell me why?
why has my top-up failed?
i need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
i tried to top up with my card but it was declined. i was able to a couple days ago and it worked. is something wrong? can you check it for me please?
can you find out why my credit card didn't process payment? it was declined for top up so what's the deal?
how can correct top up with the app to work correctly?
is there any reason why my card didn't work when i tried to top up?
the app rejected my top up
my top-up didn't go through
can you tell me why my top-up failed?
my credit card seems to have been declined for top up. why is it not going through? can you tell me what's going on?
my top-up didn't work.
my top-up never worked
it looks like my top up didn't work.  why?
i topped up my card but the app rejected it.
i attempted to top-up with my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful. i received the card two days ago and was successful using it previously. could you please help me?
i tried to top-up but it got denied.
my top up was denied
i think the top up failed
my credit card was just denied for top up! can you tell me why this happened and what's going on?
my top up didn't go through
my top up has failed
why is it failing to top-up?
i can't get the top-up to work! what's going on here.
how do i know if my top up worked?
why can't i topup my account?
my top-up was declined
why is my card being declined when i try to do a top-up? how can this be immediately resolved?
the app has rejected my top up.
i attempted to top up my car today, it failed! i just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. what is going on with it?
why was my top-up rejected?
my credit card got declined for top up! what's going on? can you check on why it didn't go through?
my top up isnt working
trouble with my top up
i'm confused as to why my top-up did not go through.
i added money but my top-up wasn't processed by the app.
i really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
i have the funds, why can i not use my top-up?
hello, i trying to top up with my card today but it didn't work. when i tried last time it worked but today it isn't. could you take a look at it for me?
why are you keeping my money from me by declining my card? what is going on?
i desperately need to top-up my card, so why is it being declined? can you solve this for me? i need to use my card immediately!
why did the app deny my top-up?
my top-up was rejected
fix my top up
my top up doesn't work
i am having problems with a top-up.
what's the problem? my card keeps getting declined for top up. i need to know what is going on.
i was trying to top up my account and it isn't working
i believe my top up did not work.
i need help reapplying my top-up. it seems it isn't working.
could you please recommend what i should do if my card keeps getting declined?  i planned to top-up today but i am unable to get it to work.  i need a fast solution to this problem.
my credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  can you tell me why?
why did the top-up fail?
i requested for a top-up but it has not reflected
i tried to top-up, why didn't it work?
i tried to top up with my card but it's not working. i had just done this a couple days previously and it worked. can you tell me what's going on here please?
i wanted to top up my account and it doesn't look like it worked
my top-up does not seem to have worked, what  went wrong?
i'm not sure if my pop-up went through.
top up did not work on the app.
i tried to top up but the app rejected it.
it does not appear that my message went through.
what if my top up didn't work?
i didn't see the money i added to my card.
the top up failed
i have been trying unsuccessfully to top-up my card.  is the system down or not working properly?
i am having a huge problem with my card being declined and it's really important that i top-up today.  would you please look into this further and let me know how i can get this fixed?
my card keeps getting declined when i try to use it.  i would like to top-up, but it is not going though.
i just topped up, and the app denied it.
why did my top-up not work?
hi i've been trying to top up my card for the past day but it gets declined, i need it topped up urgently! can somebody get back to me to resolve this or explain any different ways i can top up my card?
please explain why my top-up didn't go through.
can you tell me why my credit card was declined while trying to top-up?
i need information explaining why my top-up failed to go through
hi, i am experiencing problems while trying to top-up with my card. i have never experienced any problems doing this before. could you please help me?
the top-up did not go through.
i could not get a top-up to work, why?
i don't know why my credit card was declined while i was trying to top-up. was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top-up function?
problems with my top up
why is my top up failing
i tried again to top up my card after doing it a couple days ago when it had worked. now, it doesn't seem to be working. can you tell me what the deal is here please?
top up keeps failing
hello, i tried to top up with my card, but it didn't work. i just got it a couple days before and it works fine. what's the deal? can you check into this?
what was the issue with my topping up?
my topping up didn't go through.
why would the app deny my top-up?
i need to add more funds to my card today because it keeps being declined, and i need to use it immediately. can you fix this or tell me alternatives?
why has my top-up been denied?
i tried to charge my card but it was declined. a couple days ago i was able to charge it and it was accepted. is something wrong? will you double check for me please?
i could not get the top-up to go through
i can't access my money. is it because somethings wrong with the top-up? i set it up correctly.
i was trying to top-up and my credit card was declined. can you tell me why?
i topped up my account but the app failed to process it.
looks like my top-up has been cancelled
my top-up is not working. why is that?
um, my top up didn't work
i need assistance finding out why i am unable to top-up my card, it keeps getting refused.  it is extremely imperative i get this resolved quickly.
i don't think my top up worked
i added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
why has my top-up not worked?
why did my top-up fail?
is there a way to fix my top up
i tried to top up my account and it didn't work
won't let me top my card up!! who can get it sorted out for me? it's urgent! how do i find out what the problem is with my card and how else to top it up?
there has been a red flag on my top up.
was there a problem with topping up?
hi, i tried to top up my card today and it did not work. i have tried it in the past and it worked just fine but it won't do it anymore. can you help me out?
my top-up failed to go through.
i really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! can you please help me with this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
help my money isnt showing up
how do i see what i transferred
hello. can you help figure out why the recent transfer from my uk bank account isn't showing up?
i've made a transfer from france two days ago but i was wondering if international transfers take longer to arrive because it hasn't made it yet.
after i transferred money the balance remained the same.
where is the money that i transferred.
about two days ago now, i made a transfer from france but it hasn't arrived yet. is it possible that the international transfer just takes longer?
why is my balance the same after a transfer?
how long will it take for a bank transfer to show up on my account? it's been a couple hours but i havnt seen anything yet. also it's from a uk account if that makes any difference.
the transfer i made isn't reflected in my balance
can you please check my uk account to make sure everything went alright?  i made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
hi, i am unable to see transaction in my account which i made couples of hours ago from my uk account. please help me in this.
hello i made a bank account transfer from the uk. the transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has shown up yet.  can you check to see if everything okay. please.
my balance didn't change after i transferred some money.
i've transferred money into my account but the balance is the same
money that i have transferred hasn't arrived yet
i made a transfer from france two days ago now but there hasn't made it there yet. do international transfers take longer?
i transferred money but the balance did not update.
i am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesn't show up yet?
i just made a transfer from a uk account. how long does that typically take to show up? i just want to make sure it worked alright.
i just made a transfer from france 2 days ago. it has not yet reached my bank. is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
im going to need to make a transfer from a uk account but i need it to go through asap. is that going to be possible or will it take forever?? im hoping it will be a couple hours and not a couple weeks.
how long before a bank transfer shows up in the account?
how soon will my balance be updated to reflect my transfer?
my transfer into my account isn't showing up.
how can i fix my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
when does my balance update for a transfer
there is a transfer not showing on my account.
it is common for an international transfer to take 2 days or longer? i made a transfer from france 2 days ago and i have not seen it yet.
i did a money transfer to my account and it is not showing there.
i was wondering if international transfers take longer than normal because i made a transfer from france a couple of days ago and nothing has happened yet?
what's the time frame normally for a uk account transfer? i just made one and it's not showing up anywhere. i want to be sure that everything is good.
my latest transfer seems to be missing.
is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
balance hasn't been updated following a bank transfer
why isn't the transfer to my account showing up?
where is my money that i transfered?!
the other bank confirmed a transfer i made, but this account is not reflecting it yet.
why can't i see a transfer to my account?
hi, i made a transfer from france two days ago and thought it would be here by now. can you give me an update please?
my balance doesn't include my latest transfer
how long do bank transfers take to clear
how long to uk transfers usually take? i made a transfer but it didn't pop up in my history yet. i just want to make sure it went through.
i had transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed.
my balance was not updated after transferring money.
for you, how long do transfers normally take from a uk account? i completed one just now but nothing appears. i just need to be sure everything is okay.
do international transfers take longer?? i made a transfer from france 2 days ago but it's still not there yet...
i am still waiting for a transfer i did
how long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
i transferred some funds but i don't see it
how long do transfers to international banks take? i made one to france a couple of days ago, but it's still not there.
the money that i have transferred hasn't arrived yet.
how long do transfers take to show up in my account?
how long does it take for a transfer to post
my money hasn't been transferred yet.
what is the normal time to make an international transfer? i made one a few days ago that still hasn't arrived.
tell me why my balance did not change when i tranferred cash.
i completed a transfer that isn't showing up on my account.
how long does transfers take?
i did a transfer but the balance is the same.
i made a transfer but my balance hasn't been updated
i transfered my balance a while back.  why doesn't my account reflect this?
when will i see an updated balance after a transfer?
i am still waiting on my bank transfer
there is a missing transfer on my account
after making a transfer from a uk account it's not showing up. how long do these transfers normally take for you? i want to be certain everything is all right.
can you check if my money has reached my account since it is not showing up yet?
why hasn't my money transfer shown up yet?
please check to see if the band transfer i made a while ago from my uk account has safely arrived.
where is the transfer to my account?
i made a bank transfer earlier from my uk account.  i don't see it yet, can you check the status?
why isn't my balance reflecting a transfer i did?
i made a bank transfer from my uk account today, but it's not showing.  can you check status?
how long do i need to wait to see an update after i make a bank transfer?
why isn't my balance updating?  i did a bank transfer and it isn't current.
hello, can you please inform me about international transfers? i am expecting a transfer i made from france two days ago and would like to know when it will arrive.
i added money through a bank transfer and it is not showing in my balance.
when will the balance on my account change form a transfer
what is the time frame that transfers normally take from a uk account? i just completed a transfer and nothing shows up. i need to know if everything is alright.
i have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
the balance does not appear to have updated.
why hasn't my account updated to reflect my current balance?
where is the transfer that i did?
after transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
how long does a transfer from a uk account take? i just made one and it doesn't seem to be working, wondering if everything is okay
the transfer on my account is not showing up.
when will my transfer come through?
i haven't yet received money that i transferred
how long do transfers from a uk bank account usually take for you? i just made a transfer and i'm not seeing anything, wondering if it worked
how long does a bank transfer take to show up in available funds?
the balance has not been updated.
although i transferred some money, it has not as of yet, arrived.
i am wondering if international transfers take longer. i a made a transfer from france two days ago and believed it would be here already. please let me know when i will get it!
i don't see any change in my balance.
i just transferred some money into my account and do not see it updated yet, can you assist?
i can still see money in my account after making a payment
i need to know if everything is okay here. after making a transfer from a uk account it doesn't show up. how long does this normally take to process?
i made a bank transfer but it doesn't seem to have gone through?
how long does it typically take to make a transfer from a uk bank? i just made one and it hasn't shown up in my account yet.
hi. a couple hours ago i make a transfer from my uk bank account, but it hasn't shown up. please, would you see what the delay is?
why hasn't my money transfer showed up yet?
my transfer to my account is missing.
my transfer has still not appeared.
why is  my balance not updated?
i'm wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
hi. about two hours ago i made a transfer from my bank which is in the uk, but i don't see it yet! would you check what's going on with it, please?
when does a uk transfer show up?
i do not see the money i transferred into this account
how long before transferred money shows up?
how long do transfers take to go though
can you tell me how long it would take, to make a transfer from france? i made one 2 days ago and its not there yet.
i made a transfer from france a couple days ago and don't see the transaction yet. how long does an international transfer take?
transferred to account is not successful, help please?
my transfer is pending too long.
why isn't the transferred money there?
how long does an international transfer take? i made the transfer from france 2 days ago, but it is not showing up in my bank yet.
my account balance has not updated to reflect my recent transfer.
why hasn't the money i transferred into my account shown up yet?
bank transfer to account did not show up, please help?
how long does it take for money to transfer?
where's the money i transferred into my account?
why am i still waiting for a transfer?
why is it taking so long to update my balance transfer?
i transferred some money but it hasn't arrived yet
i made a transfer a couple hours ago but my balance has not been updated. why is this? shouldnt this be instant?
i made a transfer from my uk account a couple of hours ago.  could you please make sure everything went alright.
where is the transfer to my account that i made?
i've made a bank transfer but the money doesn't seem to be in my account.
i can't see a transfer to my account i made.
what amount of time does it take for a transfer to reflect and be available
when is my balance going to update, i just transferred some money
when will the money from my bank transfer be available?
i transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
good afternoon. i made a transfer from my uk bank account.  i haven't seen anything on the account in the pass few hours. please check the account to make sure everything is fine.
i did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
i want to be sure that everything is okay here. i just made a transfer from a uk account and it is still not showing up. how long does this typically take?
i recently transferred money to my account when will it show up?
i transferred money but the balance hasn't changed.
how long do tranfers from a uk account usuallt take for you? i just made a transfer and nothing shows up, so just wondering if things went ok
why is my transfer not showing
why didn't the money i transferred into my account get added to my balance?
help me find the transfer that i did.
i recently transferred some cash, but the balance has not changed.
what's the normal time frame for a transfer from a uk account? after just making a transfer it doesn't appear at all. i need to know if things went okay.
can you see my new balance yet?
how long does it take for money to transfer as my balance hasn't been updated
how long do i have to wait for my bank transfer to appear in my account?
how long does a transfer from the united kingdom take? i haven't seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure i get the transfer.
are bank transfers immediate?
i transferred money to my account but it is not showing.
what happened to the transfer i did?
i transferred some money a couple days ago but haven't received it yet. how long should i expect to wait?
how long does it take for money to reach my account?
i did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up
my account isn't showing a transfer i made.
the funds i transferred are not in my account
how long do bank transfers usually take?
hello i have a uk account.  can you please check if everything is alright with it?  i made a transfer a couple hours ago but it doesn't show up yet.
how long does a transfer from the uk account usually take? after completing the transfer it is not showing up. i need to know that everything i actually went okay.
can you tell me why the transfer isn't showing up on my account?
balance is not up to date.
my transfer isn't there
i made a bank transfer and the balance hasn't updated yet.
why wasn't my bank balance updated?
how long do i have to wait until the transferred money shows up?
a few hours ago i made a bank transfer from my uk account but i don't see that it has arrived.   can you check and see if all is ok please?
i can't see the transfer that i put in.
when will my transfer process?
is something wrong with my account, my balance didn't change after i transferred some money
it has been a couple of hours but i do not see my balance updated, can you help?
what is the amount of time transfers usually take from the uk? i had just completed a transfer and nothing seems to be showing up so i need to be sure things are alright.
i looked on the app and it says i withdrew cash.  i didn't!
i didn't withdraw the amount of cash that is showing up in the app.
i saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, i did not complete it.
i got a notice from my app that i withdrew cash but i don't remember doing so. how do i fix this?
someone has a copy of my card !! i definitely still have it here but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal, help!
why do i see a random withdrawal in my app?
hello, please look into this matter urgently. as i have lost my wallet and i can see one withdrawal, now i do not want to loose more money.
someone has a copy of my card. i have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. help me.
there is a withdrawal on my account that i don't remember initiating.
i got a message saying i made a withdrawal from the bank machine, but i did not.
someone has copied my card. i have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. please help now.
help, i see money missing i didn't take out.
my wallet was taken and i see that someone is using my card!   please help me!
i see cash withdrawal activity in the app that is not mine.
there is a withdrawal on my account i didn't make.
a 500 pound cash withdrawal was just made from my account, but i didn't make it. i am pretty sure my card has been compromised - can you help me?
i just lost my wallet and i think someone is using my card to withdraw my money. can you please cancel or freeze my card?!!
the app is showing a cash withdrawal that i didn't make.
what is this witdrawal
there's a cash withdrawal i didn't make
i think someone stole money from my card
i have a cash withdrawal on my statement that i am unsure of.
the app says i got cash from an atm but i didn't
i see money go out that i didn't withdraw.
i lost my wallet and i think someone is withdrawing cash with my card. please help. it is urgent.
somebody stole my wallet and is using my card! can you do something so they can't keep taking my money?
help! i think someone has a copy of my card - i still have my card, but a five hundred pound cash withdrawal that i didn't authorize is shown on my account.
i believe my card has been compromised as there's a cash withdrawal i don't recognize.
i was checking my account when i saw a $500 cash withdraw that i know i didn't do.  i have my card so i don't understand how this happened.  please help me.
hi, could you please help me as someone has stolen my wallet few hours ago. and a withdrawal is made, please help immediately. as i don't want to suffer more.
what should i do if i see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
a wd was just made on my account, but it was not me and i still have my card.  what to do?
why is there extra cash in my account?
what is this cash withdrawal i don't recognize?
i believe my card has been compromised as there are funds showing that i did not receive.
there is some cash that is showing up on my app.
my wallet was just stolen and i see my account already has a withdrawal. can you please help me.
somebody made a withdrawal from my account for 500. i have my card so how can this be? does somebody have a duplicate card or something? help please.
there is a cash withdrawal from an atm listed but i don't remember making this withdrawal.
i saw there is a cash withdrawal from my account via the app which i did not complete.
the app says i made a cash withdrawal even though i didn't.
what is this cash withdrawal on my statement?
my app shows cash i didn't get.
i see non-received cash in my app.
the app is saying i made a withdrawl but i didn't.
i see cash in my app but i did not get it.
my app statement shows i took out cash from an atm but i did not. what can i do?
i think someone may have cloned my card or something.  my card isn't lost but i just saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw.  can you help me?
my card shows a cash withdrawal i don't recognize.
i got a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
help! i just realised someone has apparently withdrawn money using my card! it's from some odd remote town where i definitely haven't been. please freeze it immediately!
my app is showing a cash balance that i did not receive.
help!  the app has an atm withdrawl that i didn't make.
i am seeing in the app, some cash witdhrawals that i did not authorize.
some cash shows up on my app.
i am seeing unathorized transactions in the app, on my account.
i am missing cash from my bank account according to my app
there are funds in my app that i did not receive.
a cash withdrawal has been done that i didn't do.
i do not know what this cash withdrawal is
there is unexpected money in my account.
i see a cash withdrawal in the app that i did not do.
someone stole my wallet a couple of hours ago now and they have taken money from my account. is there any way that you can help so i won't lose any more of my money.
hi, it's urgent, please freeze my card. as someone has withdrawn money using my card in odd remote town. since i have not done this withdrawal. do it fast.
the app says that i got cash in an atm and i didn't
please help me figure out the reason for the odd withdrawal amount from my account?
what do i do if i do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
i hope you can help me. someone has stolen my wallet and now i have noticed that they have been taking money from my account.
there was money taken out of my account, and i'm pretty sure i didn't do it.
i was the victim of someone stealing my wallet.  my card is being used and it isn't me.  what should i do?
i think there's been an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account.
what do i do if i see a cash withdrawal on my account that i don't remember making?
i am seeing inside the app a some cash withdrawal that is not mine
my app shows a money withdrawal that i did not do.
i was trying to use my card and it was declined, when i tried to find out what happened i found cash withdraw for $500 that i didn't do.  can you please help figure this out?
i believe my card has been compromised because of a strange withdrawal
there is money missing from my account.
according to the app, i got cash from an atm but i haven't made any transactions.
it is urgency. please freeze my card now. as someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. as i did not withdraw any money.
i am confused why there is cash i did not accept in my account
i hope you can help me. my account has been compromised from a different town that i haven't been to. can you please place a hold on my account until i can make it to the bank?
there is a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine.
there is a cash withdrawal on my statement that i did not make
i am seeing in the app a some cash withdrawal that does not belong to me
my bank app said that i got cash from an atm, but that's a mistake.
in the app, i see a withdrawal i didn't make.
there are incorrect charges on my account, there was a wd that was made by someone else.  i still have my card though.
i did not get the cash that is showing up in my app.
someone withdrew money from my account, and it wasn't me.
there is money in my account that i didnt put there
somebody is taking money out of my account without my approval in another town separate from me. please place a freeze on my account until i can make it to the bank.
my app says i withdraw money from my account from an atm.
can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
my identity has been stolen. i still have my physical card but there are charges i didn't make on my account. how do i cancel this card or dispute the charges?
there was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me, i've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
i am using the app, and i see cash withdrawals that i did not authorize.
i did not make a cash withdrawal that is on my statement
the app shows a withdrawal that i did not make or authorize.
money was taken out without my consent,
i don't recognize this withdrawal on my statement
how do i report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
why is there some cash that i did not deposit in my account?
there's an unauthorized cash withdraw
help!  the app says i took out cash but i didn't!
hello, just now i got to know withdrawal of money from of my account. as someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area. since i have not been in that area, please freeze my card immediately.
there has a recent suspicious withdrawal on my bank account. is it possible to freeze my card?
there's a cash withdrawal that  didn't make that is showing up.
i see an unauthorized withdraw.
i am seeing in the app a some cash withdrawal that i did not do
i think somebody made an unauthorized copy of my card.  my account has a cash withdrawal for 500£ that i did not make.  please help.
my account shows that i made a cash withdrawal but i cannot remember doing so!
someone is using my card to purchase flights to new york it's not me because i'm not going to new york, please can you cancel the card and refund the money?
i noticed that there is a withdrawal in the app that is not mine.
some cash was withdrawn in the app, but i did not do it.
my wallet got stolen a couple hours ago and now i've seen there already is a withdrawal. help this is absolutely urgent i don't want to loose more money
a withdrawal is showing that i don't recognize
there's a cash withdrawal i am certain i did not make
what is this withdrawal as i do not remember making it.
i have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500. please help!
i have a cash withdrawal that i do not recognise.
someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an atm
some cash has been withdrawn but i didn't do it.
i want my card frozen right away. money was taken out in an odd location i have never heard of.
i need my card frozen cause it was used without my consent to take money out. it was in an odd place.
there's a $200 withdrawal on my statement that seems fishy to me.
there's a cash withdrawal on my account that i didn't make
why is there a cash withdrawal i didn't make?
the app says i made a cash withdrawal that i didn't make
help! i think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
what do i do when a charge has been made that i did not make?
i need your help immediately.  there is a 500£ cash withdrawal that i know nothing about.  i think my account has become compromised.
can you tell me what this cash withdrawal is?
how can i verify if a cash withdrawal was made from my account? i still have my card with me but i did not authorize the withdrawal that just occurred.
i think someone might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made, and it wasn't me. can you please help?
someone has access to my card info.  i still have the card, but someone just withdrew cash.  how do i get this corrected/stopped?!
why is my app showing me taking money that i did not take out?
i see in the app some cash was withdrawn, but it's not mine.
there is a withdrawal in my account i didn't make.
what is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
why would the app show a withdrawal that i did not make?
i have a cash withdrawal in my statement. why is that?
i didnt put that money in my account
some cash withdrawal that i didn't make showed up in the app.
there is a cash withdrawl i don't remember.
someone stole my account, there's a withdrawal but it wasn't me, can we put a stop to it please?
there are funds showing in my app that i did not receive.
i didn't withdraw cash but i see that transaction on my app
i have a cash withdrawal that i don't recognize.
my wallet was just stolen, and they've already used my card! please help, i can't afford to lose more money!
please help me, its urgent. someone has withdrawn money from my account as few hours before my wallet has been. now i want to stop withdrawal of more money.
help!  there is a cash withdrawl on the account that i didn't make!
there is a cash withdrawal on my statement that i don't recognize
the app is showing mt withdrawals that aren't  mine.
my app says i made a withdrawal, but i didn't.
there is random cash in my account.
a cash withdrawal that i didn't authorize is shown on my account - can you please cancel my card as soon as possible?
cash i did not get showed up in my account
my app says i withdraw funds from my account through an atm.
there has been an unusual withdrawal from my account, can you help?
some cash i didn't get shows in my app
how much is the exchange fee?
are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
if i exchange currencies on a frequent basis can i receive a discount?
is there any cost to change foreign money to local?
what are the currency exchange fees?
do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
what is the current exchange fee?
will i be charged an extra fee if i need to exchange currency?
currency exchanges have any extra fees?
does it cost extra to exchange foreign currencies?
is there any type of fee for currency exchange?
how much more do you charge for currency exchange?
when exchanging currencies, is there an extra fee?
exchange fee help?
what's the exchange fee?
exchanging currencies costs what?
how much will i be charged for a cross-currency exchange?
how much extra will i be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
do i pay extra for exchange?
do i need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
how much to exchange currencies?
could you help my figure out the exchange fee?
is there a fee to exchange currency?
do i get a discount if i exchange currencies a lot?
what kind of costs are involved for exchanging currency?
are there any discounts in exchanging currencies frequently?
do you offer any discounts for someone who exchanges currencies frequently?
is there a pay structure for currency exchanges?
would i need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
what is the charge for exchanging currencies?
are there any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
how much do i have to pay for exchange of currency?
i need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
since i need to exchange currencies frequently, would you be able to offer me a discount?
always exchanging currencies, do you offer a discount?
how much do i have to pay to accept an international transfer?
is there a foreign currencies charge?
i exchange my currency quite a bit.  do i get an exchange price break?
if i exchange currencies on a regular basis, is there a discount?
do you charge extra for exchanging currencies?
will there be a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
what's the cost for exchanges?
how much does currency exchange cost?
my currencies needed to be exchanged often and i was wondering if there were any discounts available for this?
is there a frequent currency discount?
would i need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
are there any extras for exchanging currency?
will i get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
fees for currency exchange
i travel a lot, can i get a bulk currency exchange discount?
what is the cost for exchanging currencies?
do exchanges cost more?
do currency exchanges cost extra?
is there an additional cost to exchange currencies?
i've been to several different countries, can i exchange the cash with a discount for a large transaction?
what do you charge for an exchange fee?
i exchange currencies a lot.  can i get a discount?
is there a charge for exchanging foreign currencies?
what is the fee for accepting money from a foreign country?
is there a fee for currency exchange?
how much do you charge for exchange rates?
will i have to pay extra to exchange money?
if i exchange foreign currency, are there any other charges?
what is the cost for currency exchanges?
do yo charge a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
what is the exchange fee that is charged?
how much does it cost to exchange my balance into a foreign currency?
are there discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
what is the currency exchange fee?
do you offer a discount for those who perform frequent currency exchanges?
what kind of charges should i expect to exchange currencies?
what is your currency exchange fee?
i have foreign currency i would like to change how much will it cost me?
is there a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
if i exchange currency frequently, can i get a discounted rate?
will there be a cost if i exchange currency?
what fee will be charged for exchanges?
can i have a discount if i exchange currency often?
will you charge me for exchanging foreign currencies?
what is the rate for exchange fees?
what is the charge for exchanging currency?
is there a fee for exchanging currency?
does a discount apply if i exchange currencies frequently?
how high is the exchange fee?
if i exchange currencies frequently, is there a discount?
how much is the charge for a foreign currency exchange?
how much will i be charged for exchanging foreign currency
will i be charged for exchanging foreign currencies?
is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
please tell me what the exchange fee is.
please provide currency exchange rates
what are the charges if i exchange foreign currency?
do i get any sort of discount on volume for a lot fo currency exchanges?
any extra charges for exchanging currencies?
are currency exchanges free?
will there be any extra fees if i exchange currencies?
does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
is it free to exchange currency?
if someone in a different country sends me money, do i have to pay a fee?
how much is it to exchange currency
do i have to pay more for exchanges?
can i be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
would you be able to offer me a discount, since i need to exchange currencies frequently?
is it possible to have a discount for exchanging currency frequently?
what's the fee for exchange of foreign currencies?
my job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and i was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices.
i wanted to know what discounts were offered for current exchanges as it is something that occurs frequently.
are there any fees when exchanging to foreign currencies?
are there any exchange fees
is there an extra fee to exchange currencies?
what is the fee for a foreign currency exchange?
do i need to pay more for exchanging currencies?
where do i find out about exchange fees
what exactly is the exchange fee?
i need to exchange some foreign currency. what's the charge for doing that?
is there an additional charge to exchange currencies?
is there an extra charge to exchange different currencies?
is there a discount for multiple currency exchanges?
can you tell me about the exchange fee?
can you tell me what the exchange fee is?
what commission do you take for currency exchage?
what is the charge for using a top up card in the us?
what is the fee for topping up a us card?
what fees are charged when i top up
is there a charge for topping up by card?
which us cards have top up charges?
will you charge me if i top up by card?
how much does it cost to add money to my card
how much are the fees for adding funds using an international card?
does it cost money to top up?
should i add money via bank transfer instead
do i have to pay extra if i use an international card to top up my account?
what are the charges for topping up us card?
do you charge if i use a european bank card for top up?
i need to top up, but i have to use an international card.  is there a cost for that?
how much does it cost to add money
will i be charged for topping up?
do you have any fees if i want to add money using an international card.
i am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
is there a fee to add money to an international card?
does it cost to add money to my card?
do i get charged for a top up from a european bank?
are their fee's for top ups?
does it cost to top up my card?
how much is the fee for topping by card
what is the fee if i use a european bank for a top up?
are there any charges for using a bank card to top up
i was wondering if you will take any fees in exchange for top ups?
are there any charges for european bank card for top up?
are there still fees for european top-ups?
how much are you going to charge me if i top up my us card?
will i be charged a fee to top up using a debit or credit card?
if i top up using a european card is there a charge?
will i see fees from adding money with an international card?
do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
is there a fee for european bank cards?
what are the top up charges for all us cards?
when i add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
is there a top charge for us cards?
are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
what is the charge for topping up a card?
does it cost anything to top up?
are there any charges for topping up a us-issued card?
what fees to you have for top ups?
is there a fee to top up a us card using a debit or credit card?
do i get charged if i top up with my european bank card?
how much is the charge to top up via credit card?
are you going to charge me to top up my card?
what do you charge to top up us cards?
are there top up charges for us cards?
how much does it cost to top up a us-issued card?
will you charge me for topping up with a european card?
do you charge a fee for adding money in usd?
are there charges for using a bank card to top up
are there fees for using an international card to top up?
i topped off my card is that something you will charge me for?
how should i add money to my card
is it free to add money to my card
will i be charged any fees if i want to add money with an international card?
can i top up for free using a european card?
is topping up free?
is usd free to top up with a us card?
how much do you charge to top up us cards?
is it free for top ups?
what is the fee for topping up by card?
is there a charge to use a top up card in the us?
will i get charged fees when i add money with an international card?
are there any charges for topping up my card?
is there a top-up fee if you add money in usd?
will i get charged for topping up with an international card?
how much for topping up by card?
is there a fee for topping off a us card?
do you charge a fee for topping up a card?
do you have any card fees if i want to add money using an international card?
what is the top up rate charge for using a card in the us?
is there a fee for topping up a card?
will you charge me more if i use a european bank card for a top up?
is there a fee when i add money to my international card?
is there any fees for top ups?
can i get information on topping up?
is there a fee for topping up by charge card?
are there any charges for top ups?
what are the top-up fees for my card?
would i be charged any fees if i added money to my account using an international card?
where can i top my card for free?
what top up charges are there for us cards?
is there a charge for using an european bank card for top up?
will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
what do i need to know about topping up?
will it cost extra to add money to an international card?
what options do i have when topping up a us card?
is there a charge for top-ups?
how much does it cost to us us cards?
i am worried about fees for top up cards?
will i be charged a fee for topping up using a european card?
i need to know what charges i will incur for using a european card for top up.
if i add money with an international card, are there any fees?
can i be charged for topping up by card
what fees are there for adding money using an international card
what are the top up fees for using an european bank card?
are there fees for adding money with an international card?
european bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
are there any fees if i want to add money using an international card?
if i were to use a european bank card for a top up, will i incur a charge?
will you charge me more if i top up with an international card?
will i be charged for adding money using an international card?
how much is it to use my us debit or credit card to top up?
will there be extra charges regarding to adding money into my international card?
will you assess me more fees if i top up with an international card?
is there a fee for adding funds with a credit card?
will there be any fees for top ups?
if us cards have a top up charge, what is it?
what are the fees for using a european bank card?
how much does top up fees cost?
i want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged to do this?
please help me with my card.  it won't activate.
i tired but an unable to activate my card.
i want to start using my card.
how do i verify my new card?
i tried activating my plug-in and it didn't piece of work
how do i activate my card
can someone assist me with activating my card?
my card needs to be activated.
i was unable to activate my card.
is my card ready for use or does it need activated and if so how?
help me activate my new card.
do i need a photo id to activate a my new card?
i just got my new card, how do i activate it?
can i have my card activated?
i cant seem to activate card
it won't let me activate my card.
i tried activation my card and it didn't employment
i want to use my card. how do i activate it?
activate my card
can i get some help activating my new card?
is my card activated?
i would like to activate my card.
can i call to get my card activated?
how can i activate my new card? i didn't recieve any information with it about how to do so.
how do i activate my new card i just got?
will you be able to activate my card
can i get some help to get me card activated?
i want to activate my new card.
what would ii do if i wanted to activate my new card
what needs to be done to activate and use a card?
can i activate my card?
i need assistance activating my card?
i need assistance with activating my new card.
how do i get my card active?
what do i have to do to activate my card?
what is needed to activate my card?
how can my new card be activated?
can you activate my card pls
how do i turn on my new card?
please assist me in activating the card.
would you be so kind as to activate my card? thanks
i tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do i solve this problem?
can i activate my card with the app?
i want to start using my card, how do i activate it?
what is the process to activate a card
hi, would you please activate my card?
what do i need for activation of my card?
how do i activate my card, so that i can start using it?
i need my card activated.
i would like to be assisted with the activation of my card.
i just received my card and i'd like to activate it.
can you assist me in activating my card?
how do i activate my card to start using it?
instructions for activating card
what do i need to do for the card activation?
i am unable to activate my card, it won't let me.
when are you going to activate my card?
i need to activate my card.
how can i activate my new card?
what do i do to activate?
what steps do i have to take to activate my card?
my new card just arrived, how can i activate it?
i am having trouble activating my card.
my card is not able to be activated how do i get it to work?
i'm not able to activate my card how do i fix this problem?
i cannot activate my card.
how can i activate the new card i got?
how long should i wait ti activate my card
how do i activate a card?
what is the procedure for activating this card?
my card needs to be activated asap
what is the most efficient way to activate my new card?
i couldn't complete card activation.
who do i call to activate my new card?
you can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
tell me what i need to do to activate my card.
what is the process for activating a new card.
my card activation is failing.
i need to activate my card, how is that done?
i would like to activate my card what do i need to do?
i have my card now how do i activate it?
how long does it take to activate my card?
how do i activate my card so i can start using it?
explain the activation method for this card
can someone assist me with activating my new card?
what is the process for activating my new card?
i would like to have assistance with activating my card.
tell me how to renew my new card?
my new card came in.  how do i activate?
how do i active this card?
what are the steps to activate my card?
i have a new card and need to activate it
i would like to get help from someone in your customer service department with assisting me with activating my card.
what are the steps that i need to take to activate a new card?
i tried activating my card and it didn't work
i need my card to be activated right now.
what information do i need to gather in order to activate my card?
what do i need to have with me to activate card
what am i going to need in order to activate my card?
show me how to activate my card
i need more assistance with how to activate my card.
can you tell me how i go about activating a new card?
my new card needs activating.
where do i activate my card?
do you know the process how to activate my card?
how can i make my card active?
please help me with the activation of the new card.
can you help me activate my card
my card activation attempt failed.
i just got a new card, and i want to know how to activate.
would it be possible to activate my card?
card activation steps
what is the process for activating my card and using it?
i have a new card and i need to activate it.
do i have to go somewhere to activate my card?
what do i do to activate my new card?
i just got a new card how do i get it to start working?
i need assistance to activate the card on my account.
i can't activate my card?
my new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
where can i activate my card?
how can i switch on my new card?
with my new card, how may i activate it?
help me activate my card.
how long does it take to activate the card, as it does not look like its working?
you can do that in just a few seconds. go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
card activation is not working. what do i do?
what identification is required to activate my card?
i need to do a card activation.
i want to activate my card, how do i do it?
i want to activate the card.
i am planning activating my card was it possible?
the activation process for my card isn't working.
could you please tell me how to activate my new card?
i need to actuate my card.
i need info on activating my card?
i would like my card activated.
how can i make my card ready to use?
can i use my new card?
what steps do i have to go through in order to activate my new card?
i have a new card. how do i activate it?
the activation process did not work, please help?
i just got my card and cannot get it to work.
just received my replacement card, what steps do i need to take to activate it?
i want to use my card, how would i activate it?
how do i activate my new card
what are the steps to activate the card, as it does not seem to work?
i just got my new card.  how can i activate it?
please assist me with activation.
where do i go to activate my card?
if you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
is my new card activated?
help my activate my card.
i cannot seem to activate card
what do i need to do in order to use my card i just got?
my new card has arrived, what's the activation procedure?
how can my new card be renewed?
what is the proper way to activate a card?
how do i activate my card that just arrived?
why is there a charge when i took out money?
why have i been charged a fee for cash withdrawal?
i made a cash withdrawl and there is a charge.  what is this?
i am inquiring about why there was an extra fee charged when i used an atm.
why am i being charged extra when i withdrew money?
why am i charged to get money from the atm?
i saw i was charged extra for money i withdrew?
is there an extra fee for using an atm?
why did they take more money out then i withdrawed?
i withdrew cash and was charged
why has a cash withdrawal charged me?
i was charged for getting cash.
hello, i have a question concerning an unfamiliar fee that i notice on my account. i see that you guys charge for atm withdrawal. never notice this fee until now. can you please explain?
why am i charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
why was there a fee for my cash withdrawal?
i don't understand why i was charged extra for withdrawing money?
i made a transaction at an atm and was charged extra for it.
i was charged extra when i made a cash withdraw, why?
why was i charged for cash withdrawal?
why was there a fee on my cash withdrawal?
why was i charged for a cash withdrawal at the atm?
since when do you charge to make a withdrawal? i've always done it for free. so how much is it now?
why is there an extra fee for using the atm??!!!
is the fee with my cash withdrawal a mistake?
why did using an atm cause me to have an extra fee charged?
why am i being charged for atm cash withdrawals? the only reason i use it is because it's been free! now you expect me to pay for them, and how much is that going to cost me?
why was my account assessed a fee for an atm transaction?
why am i being charged for atm fees?
why have i been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
why was i charged for making a withdrawal? after i went grocery shopping i withdrew some money from my account and now there is another charge.
do you charge for making a withdrawal? i took some money out of my account earlier and i was charged for this.
so, i was just charged for my recent atm withdrawal and any withdrawal prior to this has been free. what is the issue here?
why was i charged an extra fee when using an atm?
when i got cash i was charged an extra fee!  explain!
i am not supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but i was.
i have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
could you explain your rules for atm fees?
how do i avoid a fee to use an atm?
how much can i withdrawal in one month without incurring fees?
am i charged more for using the atm?
i just pulled money out of the atm and was charged a fee, why?
why was i charged for withdrawing cash?
when i withdrew my money, why was there an extra charge?
i took out money and there is a fee.  why?
is there a cash withdrawal fee? because i just got charged?
hello, i wanted to get some more information about atm withdraw fee. i have been withdrawing money for years and notice this charge on my account. i always thought it was no fee since its you guys atm company that i am withdrawing. can you please explain?
how much money can i withdraw before fees? i noticed a fee on my card but i didn't think i had hit the limit of how much i could withdraw in a month.
this is not right, i was told i could take out cash at the atm for free?
how come i got to pay to get my money from the atm?
i just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal that i made! atm withdrawals have always been free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge? what is it going to cost me now?
why are you charging for cash withdrawals? i went to withdraw some money earlier today after getting my groceries, and it appears there is a fee that wasn't there before
what's up with the fee for getting cash?
i was told that withdrawing cash from the atm is free, but i'm charged a fee. why is this?
why are fees charged for cash withdrawals? i went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. there's a new fee that there.
when i withdrew money from my account the other day, i noticed that there was a fee.  i didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  how much will i be charged?
i thought it was free to make a withdrawal. so how much does it cost now?
i just had a look at my statement. why have i been changed for using the atm?
why are you charging me for atm withdrawal? it has always been free before.
is there a reason i was charged an extra fee for using the atm?
there was an extra fee when i was at the atm.  why?
i hate this atm, it charged me an extra fee, why did it charge?
why is it i am charged an extra fee when i use the atm?
what's up with the extra fee i got?
tell me why there is a charge on my cash withdrawl.
why was i charged for getting cash?
why am i being charged to make cash withdrawals? i thought they were supposed to be free!
i should not have been charged a fee for cash withdrawal.
i got charged a fee that shouldn't be there from my cash
i was charged a fee for withdrawing cash.
i want to get some cash from the atm using my card but i dont want to be charged any fees. ive taken some money out before with no fees, but recently ive been getting charged. why?
i got this stupid fee after taking cash out, why?
i was charged for a cash withdrawal, why?
i got cash and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
please help!  there was an extra fee when i got cash.
why have i all of a sudden been charged for my atm withdrawal? i thought the withdrawals were free because this is the first time i've ever had this problem.
can you tell me why i was charged to withdraw cash?
why was i charged a fee when i withdrew money?
how come my cash withdrawal came with an unnecessary fee?!
a percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
will i be charged for a cash withdrawal?
explain the extra atm fees.
i just took some cash out of a cash machine in heathrow airport because i wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday but you've added a fee to the withdrawal, what is this?
the bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash!
why am i charged a fee for getting cash?
i used an atm and wanted to know why i was charged an extra fee.
is there a fee for a cash withdrawal?
i was charged a fee when withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
i received a fee for obtaining cash, is this correct?
today i noticed a charge for an atm withdrawal on my account. can you please fix this? it's supposed to be no charge.
why are you charging fees on cash withdrawals? i went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries. there's a fee that wasn't there before.
is there a charge for cash withdrawals? i always thought it was free.
tell me why there is an extra charge when i used an atm?
why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
is there always a charge when withdrawing money?
i have a fee for cash withdrawal
make me understand why i am charged an extra fee when i use the atm.
why am i being charge a fee when using an atm?
i was under the impression atm cash withdrawals were free. why was i suddenly charged for my most recent atm transaction?
i didn't realize that there were any fees for withdrawing money from my account--this has never happened to me before.  what exactly are the fees?
are there atm fees?
do you charge for cash withdrawals?  i want to get my hands on my own money and you appear to be charging me for the pleasure! why is this, you'd never get this with my high street bank!
is there a fee when i get cash from an atm? is there a limit i can take out? if there is a fee, what is it?
why was there a fee when i pulled cash?
the atm charged me an extra fee, why?
why am i being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
why did i get a fee for getting cash?
i have been charged a fee for getting cash
why did i get charged when getting cash?
i made a cash withdrawal and was charged a fee incorrectly can you help with this?
i got charged fees for withdrawing cash!
since when were there charges for taking out cash from my account? it's always been free for me to do this before.  how much are the charges going to be?
there was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
there was an extra fee on my account when i got cash.
while getting cash, i was charged a fee.
why did i get charged for a withdrawal?
how come i got charged extra for withdrawing cash?
why am i being charged for getting cash?
why do i see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
anytime i've made an atm withdrawal before it has always been free. i now say that i have been charged for my most recent atm withdrawal. what's going on here?
what's going on? i was just recently charged for an atm withdrawal. i've never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
i saw a fee on my receipt from withdrawing money while shopping earlier.  is there supposed to be a fee for this type of transaction?
why was i charged an extra fee from the atm?
extra fees on a cash withdrawal, not cool.
why am i being charged certain fees? i noticed a fee after i withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
have you started charging for cash withdrawals? i always thought it was free until i noticed this fee. how much is the fee?
can you tell me why i was charged extra when i withdrew money?
it seems i've suddenly been charged for my recent atm cash withdrawal. what's up with that? i though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
i believe i was charged for making a withdrawal after i went grocery shopping. are you guys charging for this now?
why was i charged when taking out money?
is there a charge on withdrawals?
are there charges for cash withdrawals?
do i get charged for withdrawals?
i was recently charged for withdrawing money from my bank atm. how can that be possible when i haven't been charged for using it before?
why did i get charged for withdrawing cash?
when did you start charging to make a withdrawal? how much is it now? i always thought it was free.
what was the extra charge for withdrawing money?
i was charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that i shouldn't have been charged.
why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
why did using an atm cause me to be charged an additional fee?
why did i get a fee from the atm?
to cash withdrawals charge me?
why was i charged a fee on a cash withdrawal?
i withdraw cash from the atm and was charged a fee
why did i get charged a fee, i thought it was free?
i have never been charged for making an atm cash withdrawal before, but i am now being charged a fee to withdraw cash. what happened?
i withdrew cash and was charged. why?
why do i have a charge for an atm withdrawal? i thought these were free?
i got a strange fee when i used the atm.
i used my card the other day to get cash from an atm and was charged an extra fee. i don't understand why i am being charged a fee all of a sudden. i thought it was free to withdraw from an atm?
why was there a fee with my cash withdrawal?
what is this extra charge for a withdrawal?
is there a charge for getting cash?
hello, i have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  i made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  are these types of transactions free of charge?
i have a strange transaction on my account which appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal i made outside nandos in leeds.  what is that for?  is it fraud?
why did you charge me for taking out cash?
the past few times i've been to the atm, i was charged a withdrawal fee. have your policies changed regarding fees?
why am i being charged for withdrawing cash funds?
what is your policy on withdrawing cash from an atm? there is a fee on my account that wasn't there before i paid for my groceries.
what is the extra fee i was charged when using an atm?
why am i charged whenever i withdraw cash?
why did you charge me extra when i withdrew cash?
i used an atm and there was an extra charge.
that fee should not be there, you charged my cash for an unnecessary thing.
why was there an extra charge with the withdrawal of my money?
why did you charge a fee when i withdrew from an atm?
why is there now a charge for making cash withdrawals? i wanted some cash after i went to the grocery store, and there's a new fee!
why am i being charged to withdrawal money?
why was i charged a fee for my withdrawal?
why did withdrawing money cost me extra?
why was i charged a fee for withdrawing money off my card?
what is the fee for a cash withdrawal?
i withdrew money and got a fee, please explain
i used my card to get cash then i was charged a fee that i shouldn't have been charged.
i noticed a different charge while i was taking my money out.
why was i charged a fee for withdrawing money?
do cash withdrawals cost anything?
why is there a fee for getting cash?
are there any express fees if i want my new card faster?
do i need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
i am overseas in china, can i get a replacement card?
can i get a new card with new expiration date in china?
are there restrictions on new cards in china?
need a new card, mine is expiring.
i need a new card to replace an expired one. will it cost anything, and how soon?
my card expires next week. how do i get a new one?
what is the cost and time frame of getting a new card?
is it possible to get a new card in china?
does it cost much or take long to get a new card? mine is about to expire.
are there steps i need to take before my card expires?
my card is about to expire.  how do i get a new card?
will i receive a new card when mine expires?
my card is due to expire
what do i do if my card expires soon?
if i am in china, can i still order a new card and if so, how?
in a month, my card will reach its expiration date, am i required to request the next card?
what happens if my card expires?
my card's expiring a month from now, should i place an order for the new card?
will i be sent a new card before mine expires?
the date my card expires is coming up
how can i replace an expired card?
how do i get a new card sent to china?
after my card expires what should i do?
my card is about to expire. what do i need to do to keep using my card?
my card will expire soon, do i need to order a new one?
where can i have a new bank card sent to china?
i'm in china and need a new card. please help.
tell me what i should do after my card expires.
how do i know when my card will expire?
what is the procedure for an expired card?
how do i order a new card when my old one is ready to expire?
what do i do if my card is about to expire?
what happens after my card expires?
where can i order a card when i am in china?
how do i replace a card that's going to expire?
if my card becomes expired what can i do?
what steps should i take before my card expires?
i need a new card before it expires.
when will i get a new card when i order it, and how much will it cost.
can i wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
when my card expires soon, how fast is the replacement card sent and what are the costs?
how do i order a new card? the current one is about to expire.
can i order a new card to china?
is ordering a new card from china available?
what to do if my card is about to expire?
my card is about to expire.  are there any costs with a replacement card?  how quick do you mail it to me?
is there a way to order a new card while in china?
the expiration date on my card is very soon, and i need to get a new one.  what are the price and delivery options for my replacement card?
if my card is about to expire how long would it take to receive a new one and how much would that cost me?
my card is about to expire.  how do i order another?
my card is expiring soon, how do i order a new card?
i need to order a new card as my old one will expire soon. can you tell me how to order a new one?
when my card expires what is the cost of a replacement and how fast?
i will need a new card because mine is almost expired.  how fast do i get a replacement and what is the cost?
do i need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
my card will expire next month, will i need to order a new one?
am i able to get this shipped to china?
my card expires very soon.  what is the cost and delivery time to get a new one?
the expiration date for my card is coming up, how do i get a new card?
tell me how to replace my expired card.
can i order a new card by phone?
my card is expiring soon.
my card is about to expired what will happen?
what should i do when my card reaches its expiry date?
please inform me how to get a new card as mine is about to expire.
my card expires soon, will you send me one automatically?
want a new card what are the fees
my card's expiration date is close.
what will happen after my card expires?
can i get a new card in china?
my card is about to expire, what do i do?
can i order a new card with the app?
how do i replace my card before it expires next month?
my card is expiring so how fast can i get a new one and how much will it be?
i need a new card, my old card is expiring.
how do i replace my card before it expires?
what can i expect at card expiration?
if i order a new card, how much will it be and how long will it take me to get it?
how can i get a card sent to china?
what should i do once my card expires?
how do i order a new card if my current one is about to expire?
i want to get a new card before my current one expires, how much will it cost me and how long will it take to get here.
my card is going to expire, what do i do?
do i need to order a new card before it expires?
does it cost anything to get a new card? mine's about to expire and i'd also like to know how long it takes to get the new one.
my bank card has expired, how can i get a new physical card?
how to get a new card in china
how do i go about ordering a new bank card?
i have a card that expires in the coming month, do i have to specifically ask for the updated card?
if my card expires next month, will i need to order a new one?
the expiration of my card is near, how do i order a new card?
what do i do after my card expires?
do i need to re-apply to order a new card when my old one's about to expire?
i need to renew a card that's about to expire
if my card is going to expire this month, do i need to order a new one?
soon my card will expire, how do i get a new one?
can i order a new card?  mine is about to expire.
my card is due to expire soon.
can i keep using my card after it expires?
how do i replace my card?
are new cards available from china?
my card is almost going to expire.
i'm in china and really need a new card.
my card will expire soon, when do i need to order a new one?
does it cost anything and how long would it take to get a card if i need a new one? my card is about to expire.
my card is about to expire. do i have to go to a branch to order a new card?
will you send me a new card in china?
what do i do about my expired card?
can i have a new card shipped to china?
am i able to have a card sent to china?
my card's expiration is approaching, how do i replace it.
how do i get a new card when my old one expires?
what happens when my card expires?
what is the process when my card is due to expire?
my card expires soon
my card is almost expired.  how fast will i get a new one and what is the cost?
what is the process to get a new card when your old one expires?
help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
what do i do when i get close to the expiration date of my card?
my card is about to expire.  where do i get a new one.
want to get a new card in china
can you give me info about what to do when my card expires?
my card has an expiration date, will you send a new one automatically?
can i get a new card even though i am in china?
my card is expiring, how do i get a new one?
i think my card is expiring, what happens then?
how do i get a new expiration date?
hi, i have an apple watch. how do i use it to top up my card?
can i use google pay to top up?
why top up is not working even if i got my american express in apple bay?
can i deposit money using apple pay?
can i use google pay for topping -up
i do i top up from my apple watch?
i need to top up, can i use google pay?
how do i go about topping up with google pay?
google pay top up did not work
google play top up help?
what currencies does google pay top up accept?
can i use my american express card with apple pay?
why can't i get my top up to work in apple pay?
can i use my apple watch to top-up?
is top-up possible with apple pay?
why isn't my google top-up pay working?
what do i do if my google pay top up isn't working?
can i top up with google pay?
am i able to use apple pay?
i got my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working in my country?
can i add funds directly from my apple watch?
apple watch top up help, please?
i am having a slight problem with my american express in apple play, can you help me fix the problem with top up?
in regards to top-ups, can i do them via google pay?
how do you top up on the apple watch?
am i able to top up with apple pay?
can i use top-up with apple pay?
i want to top up from my apple watch, can i?
can i use the apple watch to make a top-up?
my american express works with my apple pay, why is top up not working?
i would like to know if i can top up with google pay.
can i top-up via apple pay?
can i top up using my apple watch?
why is top up not working for my apple pay app
can i use apple pay to top-up?
why doesn't my google pay top up work?
how can i set up google pay on my device?
can you show me how to top up with google play?
i seem to be having trouble with my google pay top. can you please help?
does google pay offer a top up option?
i got my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working on my device?
how do i get top up to work in apple pay?
is apple pay a top up service?
how do i top up using my apple watch?
i want to top up my account. can i do it with google pay?
can i use my apple watch to top up?
i received my american express in apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not functioning properly?
can i use my apple watch to pay for gas?
i would like to use top-up with my apple pay.
how do i get top up to work for my card
my google top-up pay is not going through
how do i set up my apple pay watch to connect to my account
need help with google pay top up
my google pay top up isn't working.
help me please, my apple pay american express top up does not work.
are top-ups allowed using apple pay?
is topping up with apple pay possible?
what can i do if i got my american express in apple bay but top up is not working?
top up is not working even though i have my amex in apple pay.
where do i top up my google pay?
using google pay, can i top up?
why is top up not working if i use my american express with my apple pay?
unable to use my american express with apple pay to top up my account
does my top up and apple pay work together?
i can't use top up on google pay.
i have received my american express in apple play, looks like top up has an issue, please help?
why isn't my google pay top up working?
is it possible for me to top up with google pay?
can apple pay handle top up exchanges?
am i able to top up with apply pay?
how do i top up my google pay?
i want to top up with my apple watch.
could google pay and top up be together?
i can't get google pay to work right.
does google play offer the service to top up?
can i top-up my google pay?
can i use american express with apple pay? why does it make my top up not work?
can i top up my account with google pay?
i cannot get my google pay to work.
is there a way to top up using my apple watch?
i can't get my google pay top to work. are there any issues on your end?
can i top up an apple pay?
can you explain why my google pay top isn't working?
am i able to do top-ups with google pay?
what are the steps needed to top up with apple pay?
i received my american express in apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not working?
google pay top up isn't working
can you help me get top up to work in the apple pay function?
will be apple watch be able to let me top up?
how can i top up with my apple watch?
what services can i use to top up?
can an apple watch be used to tup-up?
can i use my apple watch to fill my gas tank?
why isn't my google pay top up working for me? did i do something wrong?
what should i do to top up using my apple watch?
my google pay seems to be acting up.
top up google pay, is it possible?
is it possible to top-up with google pay.
how do i setup my apple pay
is there a way to do top up with apple pay
top up for my american express card is not working
how to activate google pay for top up?
my google pay top up isn't working. help.
i can't see my google pay top up. is it not working correctly?
how can i get my google pay top up to work?
google pay top up not working.
my apple pay top up with my american express card is not working? please tell me why
is it possible to top up with google pay?
can top ups be done from an apple watch.
can you assist on apple watch top ups?
i received my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working?
how can i top up using google pay?
i have been trying to add money with apple pay but it wont work, why?
google pay isn't working. what is wrong?
google pay won't let me top up.
apple pay is not accepting my american express card, can you assist me with this problem?
i got my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working correctly?
can you please assist me in apple pay, in getting top up to work?
can i use google play as my primary app to top up?
does apple watch support the topping-off of my account?
i'm trying to use my apple watch to top up my google pay. do i need a special app?
can i pay for my gas using my apple watch?
can google pay be used for top up, please help?
how can i top up with google play?
how can i top up with apple pay?
is it possible to use my apple watch for topping up?
what do you require for identity verification?
how can i prove i am me?
i need to verify my identity. how do i do that?
how do i verify my identity?
how do i verify my identity online
i'm not sure how to complete the identity checks process.
why must i prove id
what am i going to need in order to verify my identity?
how do i prove i am who i am?
how and where can i find the identity checks?
what are the requirements to verify my identity?
what do i need to do to perform identity checks?
show me how to verify my identity?
how recent do my documents need to be for verification?
can you tell me what i need to do for the identity check process?
what documents are required for proof of identity?
what documents do i need to validate my identity?
hi! what documents can i use to verify my identity?
what steps do you take to check identity
what will i need to verify my identity
how can i verify my identity?
what proof of identification is needed?
how do i perform identity checks?
what do i need for the identity verification?
can you tell me what i need for identity validation?
what do you need for the identity verification
what documents do i need to get together to verify my identity?
how do i go through the identity checks?
what steps do i need to take for the identity checking process?
what are the steps to verify identity?
what is the identity verification process?
what are all of the different steps for identity checks?
where do i go to fill out the identity form?
please tell me how i verify my identity.
how can i prove who i am?
what works for identity verification?
what do i need in regards to identification?
please tell me the steps to verify my identity.
what forms of id do you need for identity verification?
where can i verify my identity?
i'm not sure what i need to verify my identity.
can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
what do you require to verify someone's identity?
what are the steps for identity checks?
how do i verify my id?
if i don't have all my documents can they still verify my identity?
why do i have to show my id
i don't know how to verify my identity.
do i need any kind of proof for the identity check?
can i get a full list of instructions for identity checks?
let me know what the steps for the identity checks are
what do i need for the verification check?
where do i go to verify my identity?
what needs to be provided for identity verification?
i was told to verify my identity, how do i do that?
can i use my social security card as a form of identity?
with what can i verify my identity?
what documentation do i need for the identity check?
how do i fill out the identity check?
what documentation do you accept for the identity check?
can i verify my identity i the app
what has to be done to verify my identity?
i have to verify my identity. what do i need to do?
what type of id do you accept?
what do i need for the identity check?
if i'm getting my identity verified, what all do i need?
explain how to verify my identity?
what forms of id work for verification?
what are the steps of verifying an identity?
can i verify my identity?
where can i go to find out how to verify my identity?
how do i validate my identity.
im worried about fraud how do you protect my account
what do you demand for identity verification?
i'm trying to verify my identity but can't figure out how, what do i do?
what documentation is needed for the identity check?
which documents do i need for this identity check?
what can i use to verify my identity?
what all is needed for the identity verification?
for the identity check, do i need any kind of documentation?
what is needed for identity verification?
tell me what the steps for the identity checks are
what are acceptable documents to prove my identity?
for the identity verification, what do you need?
what documents do you need to verify my identity?
how do i change my identity?
can i get information on the identity checks?
where in the app do i go to verify my identity?
how can you assist on verifying my identity?
how do i go about verifying my identity?
why do i need to show id
what do you require for identification verification?
what forms of id should i use for verification?
what are the steps for the identity checks?
what id do i need to verify my identity?
how do i complete the id check?
how do you check my identity?
what documents do i need for the identity check?
what do i use to verify my identity?
what is needed for the identity verification?
for the identity check, what kind of documents do i need to have?
what form of identification is accepted?
what is necessary for the identity verification?
what documents do i need to verify who i am
which countries are you available in?
where are you cards supported?
how do i get a card if i live in the us?
please list the countries you support.
are these cards available in europe?
if i live outside of the uk am i still eligible for a card?
can i get a card in the eu?
can i use my card in austria?
do you have to be in the uk to get a card?
can i use this all over the world?
can i get a card even though i live in the us
do you provide cards to people not in the uk?
what countries are you located in?
which countries does your service work in?
which countries do you operate in
from what countries can i use an account?
can the card be mailed to europe?
who gets support?
i live in portugal. do you operate here?
i live in the eu - can i get a card?
what countries do your accounts send and receive to?
how do i get a card in the eu?
how does a us resident go about acquiring a new card?
can you tell me the countries you operate in?
as far as courtries go which ones are supported?
may i get one of your cards?  i live in the eu.
can i get a card if i live in the usa?
what countries do you operate in?
where are you present globally?
what are the countries that you operate in?
which countries are supported
is this open to residents of all countries?
is it possible to get one of your cards in the european union?
are you located in other countries?
although i am not located in the uk area, may i still receive a card?
can usa residents get a card?
what countries can i use my account in?
what countries are you available in?
is it possible for a person who lives in the us to get a card?
are your cards supported in the eu?
are cards issued to people living in the us?
in which countries does your app work
any chance of getting the card outside the uk?
which countries do you work with?
i would like to know the countries you are offer services in?
can i get a card in the us?
can i get support?
i don't live in the uk. can i still get a card?
can you tell me what countries you offer support for?
can i use it outside of europe?
can i apply for one of your cards if i live in the eu?
can i get a card if i live in the us?
what countries do your services support?
are cards available to those outside of the uk?
do you do business in the eu?
is it possible to get a card outside the uk?
i live in germany. is that one of the countries you are in? what other countries are you in?
what are the countries you have offices in?
how do i sign up for a card if i'm in america?
will my new card work outside of the eu?
is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the uk?
can i get a card if i don't reside in the uk?
if i don't live in the uk, can i get a card?
can i use it in any country?
what countries are you issuing cards for?
can i get a card? i live in the us.
i would like to get your card in eu. is that possible?
do you offer cards for those in other countries?
i have my residency in the us, but i would love to get a card.
i reside in the us, but i want a card.
are there any country restrictions?
how do i find out what countries you service and what countries you do not?
what countries can i use my card in
what countries can i use your services?
i live in the eu.  can i order one of your cards?
where can i get a card in the eu?
can i get a card that works in other countries like africa and indonesia?
are you available in my country?
how many countries do you work in?
are you only able to get a card if you're in the uk?
which countries do you support?
how do i know which countries you provide service in?
please tell me how to get a card if i reside in the us.
what countries have access to this service.
i live in america, but i would like a card.
do you issue cards for someone living in the us?
is this card available to americans?
can i get a card although i'm not in the uk
if i don't live in the uk, can i still get a card?
is there anywhere  in the  eu  this card can not be delivered in
i'm not in the uk, but can i still get a card?
in which countries can i get a card?
can someone in the us have a card?
can i have a card even if i am not living in the uk?
you operate in which countries?
i want to get a card but i live in the us
what are your supported countries?
where do you have locations at
do you support countries other than mine?
do you support all countries?
can you tell me the countries you provide support for.
i live in the eu, can i get one of your cards?
can an american resident apply to get a card?
what countries can i use the card in?
i need a new card and i live in the united states.
supported countries
what are the countries you support.
which countries are you in?
where in the european union can i get a card?
i am in the eu. can i get one of your cards?
i live in the uk. can i get a card?
i need to get a card, but i live in the us.
i am not in the uk can i get a card?
which countries do you currently support?
is it possible to get one the your cards in the eu?
i want a card, but i'm not in the uk- can i get one still?
are your cards available in the eu?
i'm in the eu. can i get one of your cards?
is this card available to united states residents?
can i use it all over the world?
do you work in greece?
what countries do your accounts support?
i live in the us and i would like to get a card. how do i go about getting one?
i just moved to the us how do i get a card?
you provide support in what countries?
what countries are you supporting?
what countries are getting support?
are cards available in the eu?
which countries are represented?
how do i locate my card?
i still have not received my new card, i ordered over a week ago.
i ordered a card but it has not arrived. help please!
is there a way to know when my card will arrive?
my card has not arrived yet.
when will i get my card?
do you know if there is a tracking number for the new card you sent me?
i have not received my card
still waiting on that card
is it normal to have to wait over a week for my new card?
how do i track my card?
how long does a card delivery take?
i still don't have my card after 2 weeks.  what should i do?
still waiting on my new card
i am still waiting for my card after 1 week.  is this ok?
i have been waiting longer than expected for my bank card, could you provide information on when it will arrive?
i've been waiting longer than expected for my card.
why hasn't my card been delivered?
where is my new card? i have been waiting a week!
my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks. is it lost?
i did not get my card yet, is it lost?
status of the card i ordered.
how long should my new card take to arrive?
i ordered my card 2 weeks ago and it still isn't here? what do i do?
my card has not arrived yet, where is it?
what is the tracking number for my card that was mailed?
i think something went wrong with my card delivery as i haven't received it yet.
i'm still waiting for delivery of my new card, why is it taking so long?
i ordered a card a week ago, and it's still not here. what do i do?
i want to track the card you sent
my card hasn't arrived yet.
i was expecting my new card and am wondering why i haven't received it yet?
how do i know when my card will arrive?
i'm still waiting on my card to be delivered.
does the card you sent have a way to track to it?
i ordered a card and i still haven't received it. it's been two weeks. what can i do?
i'm starting to think my card is lost because it still hasn't arrived, can you help?
is there tracking info available?
what is the tracking number for the card you sent?
where is the tracking number for the card you sent me?
why won't my card show up on the app?
i would like to reactivate my card.
where do i link the new card?
i have received my card, can you help me put it in the app?
how do i link a card that i already have?
i received my new card, but i don't see it in the app anywhere.  what do i do?
how do i re-add a card to the app?
how do i add the card to my account?
can i put my old card back into the system? i just found it/
i have one of your cards already, how do i link it?
how do i link a new card?
can i link an existing card?
how do i link one your card if i have one already?
how do i add a card to the app?
can i link my new card?
hello, i found the card i misplaced and i need to reactive it, how do i do that?
can you tell me how to link one of your cards that i already have?
how do i view the card i received in the app?
where on the website do i go to link my card?
i found my card, can i add it to the app?
how do i link to my credit card with you?
i've received my card so now i need to know how to sync it to the app.
i found my card, i would like to reactivate it.
how do i link this new card?
can i reactivate my lost card that i found this morning in my jacket pocket?
how do i link an already existing card?
the app doesn't show the card i received.
how do i link a card i already have?
i would like to link my card. how do i do it?
can you please show me where i can find the location to link my card?
where do i go if i want to link my new card?
is there a way to make my old card usable with the app?
can i reactivate a card i thought i lost?
how do i link my card
where do i need to go in the app to enter my card info?
i have found my lost or stolen card. is there a way i can link the card with my account through my app again?
could you help me reactivate my card? it was previously lost, but i found it this morning in my jacket.
i already have one of your cards, how do i link them?
how do i link my replacement card?
can i link another card to my account?
i need to know your exchange rates.
what exchange rates do you offer?
how did you come up with your exchange rates?
where do you guys acquire your exchange rate?
how do i find the exchange rate?
what are your international exchange rates?
how often do your exchange rates change
please advise what is the exchange rate
how are exchange rates calculated?
what are exchange rates based on
what are exchange rates
what are the most current exchange rates?
can you explain your exchange rate policy to me?
is it a good time to exchange?
what is the exchange rate like on this app?
do you have a list of exchange rates?
can you tell me where you get your exchange rates?
will i get a curreng foreign exchange rate?
what currencies is an exchange rate calculated in?
where do you get your exchange rates from?
what is the base of the exchange rates?
what exchange rate do you use?
the exchange rates are?
what do you base your exchange rates on?
what foreign exchange rate will you use?
how much will i get with the exchange rate?
the exchange rate would be?
what is the exchange rate like?
how do your exchange rates work?
what is the exchange rate?
where did your guys exchange rates come from?
how are you determining your exchange rates?
i'm trying to figure out the current exchange rate.
from where are you getting your exchange rates?
can you tell me the foreign exchange rate?
why do your exchange rates change
what kind of foreign exchange rate will i get when i exchange my money?
what is my foreign exchange rate?
when does the rate get determined
what is the current exchange rate for me?
i purchased something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong
i made a currency exchange and think i was charged more than i should of been.
the card payment exchange rate is wrong
the exchange rate was wrong when i bought something outside the country.
the exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
this rate is too low. are you sure your using the right exchange rate.
i bought something, but the exchange rate looks wrong.
the rate applied to my foreign purchase was incorrect
i bought something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
my exchange went wrong. i swapped russian ruble for uk pounds and was charged too much.
you did not apply the correct exchange rate for an item that i bought.
the rate of exchange for my card payment is incorrect
the rate for a currency exchange was wrong when i bought something.
why is the exchange rate wrong when i purchase something abroad?
i bought an item and noticed the exchange rate was not correct.
i bought something overseas and the wrong exchange rate is on my statement.
the exchange rate for my transaction last saturday seems to have been wrong i got charged extra.  please fix.
why is your exchange rate for my card payment wrong
why am i being charged more ?
i purchased an item and the exchange rate i was given was incorrect.
i don't think my card payment exchange rate is correct.
when i made a purchase last saturday, i was charged extra. did i receive the right exchange rate?
they charged me wrong for a currency exchange on a purchase.
i believe my card payment exchange rate is incorrect.
hi, i have been overcharged for my payment last saturday. i guess exchange rate was wrong.
the exchange rate seems off on this transaction
the exchange rate given to me wasn't correct, after i purchased an item
hi, i don't think your exchange rate is right. i need you to check the official interbank exchange please.
i'm pretty sure something went wrong with my exchange. i changed russian ruble to uk pounds and was charged way too much!
i wasn't applied the correct exchange rate for an item i bought
the conversion value for my card payments is incorrect.
the wrong exchange rate was used when i bought something with a foriegn currency.
i paid for something in foreign currency but noticed the exchange rate is incorrect.
the incorrect rate was used in my foreign purchase
why was the exchange rate incorrect for an item i recently bought?
why is my exchange rate wrong for an item i bought?
how can i check the exchange rate applied to my transaction?
your exchange rate is totally wrong for my card payment
the wrong rate was applied to an item i bought in a currency different from mine. can this be changed?
i go the wrong exchange rate applied to my purchase in a foreign country.
my statement has a dollar i have been charged showing up on it.
why is there a fee for an extra pound in my statement?
i'm not okay with this fee on my statement.
why is there an extra dollar charged to my account?
there is a fee i don't recognize on my statement.
i would like a refund on the extra pound i was charged.
can you explain what this random $1 charge is?
what is this $1 charge on my statement?
why does my statement have these extra charges?
i do not remember purchasing anything for 1£, and it is on my statement. can you please tell me what that is about?
i can see an extra 1£ charge on my app. why did you charge me extra?
can you tell me why i noticed a $1 charge on my statement?
when will the $1 transaction be credited to me?
where did this fee come from?
i noticed an extra $1 charge on my statement, can you tell me why that is?
there is an extra $1 charge
i need information about an extra €1 fee in my statement.
why is there an extra 1 pound charge on my card?
why are there so many fees on my statement?
what would be the reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
where did this 1 euro fee come from?
i got a extra €1 fee in my statement
i have a 1 euro fee on my statement.
why was i overcharged a pound!?
something went wrong, i was charged an extra pound?
where did the extra fee on my statement come from?
there is an extra charge on my app that i was not told about or i was aware of!
i am seeing an extra fee on my statement what is that for?
what is this €1 fee in my statement?
i am a new customer, and i happened to look at my app and there is a charge i am not familiar with.  could you tell me why the extra charge is there?
for some reason my account's been charged an extra dollar.
there is a transaction for $1 and i don't know why it was charged.
can you help me with a weird charge?  it's a pound charge that never goes away from the statement view on the app i'm using.  it's not described as anything but "pending", and that status has never changed during the last two days.
what is the purpose of the extra fee that is showing up on my statement?
$1 extra has been charged on my statement, why is that?
what is the extra  €1 fee in my statement
it's been two weeks, why has the transaction for $1.00 not been reversed?
what is the €1 fee for?
i'm quite confused as to what is going on. there is some odd extra pound charge on my statement in the app that's just listed as pending and doesn't go away since a couple days.
can you please check why i am having this extra fee on my statement.
my withdrawl is still pending.  why?
my card was denied at an atm earlier today but the transaction is pending. please cancel it as i did not receive my money.
my transaction is still showing that is pending from my cash withdrawal.
hey i tried to get some money out earlier but the machine didn't work. now just saw the transaction still seems in progress! can you please check what's going there, seems something is broken, i don't want to be charged for money that i haven't actually received!
how long does the cash withdrawal take to pend?
why is it taking so long for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
i tried taking money from the atm but no money came out, but the transaction is still pending? how is this possible?
i got some cash of an atm earlier but this shows up as pending in the app. how can this be still pending, i've got the cash already?
why is my withdrawal still pending?
are you sure when the withdrawal will show?
hi! i was wondering if you can help me. i used the city centre atm to get some cash, but the machine declined my card. my account shows that transaction is still pending. i didn't receive the money, so please cancel that transaction.
why is a transaction showing as pending when i recieved cash from an atm?
my cash in the atm is still pending
my atm cash out is still pending
i am still waiting for a cash withdrawal to show
is my pending cash withdrawal processed?
how long til my cash out goes through?
why is my atm cash withdrawal showing up as a pending transaction?
hi,i tried to get some money out but the machine was not working .the transaction still seems in progress! can you please check what's going on.i don't want to be charged for money that i did not received.
hey, my card was declined at an atm in the city centre theatre. my account says the transaction is pending, though. i didn't get the money, though, so what does that mean?
why do i have a pending cash withdrawal?
i have a pending cash withdrawal
i made a withdrawal from my account but it has not posted?
is my cash withdrawal pending?
i'm not quite understanding why my cash withdrawal is showing as pending.
i made a cash withdrawal but the pending status is taking forever.
my cash withdrawal is still showing as pending.
why am i unable to take money from my card but the statement says the transaction is still pending?
why does my account have a pending cash withdrawal?
i have a pending transaction in my app. how is it still pending if i pulled the cash out from the atm earlier?
cash withdrawal still pending?
i received cash from the atm earlier, but this shows up as pending in the app.  i've got the cash already.  how can this be still pending?
i tried to take money from my card, but it didn't work. later i saw that the transaction is still in progress. what's goign on?
why does it say pending cash withdrawal on my statement?
how long with my cash withdrawal stay pending for?
where's accounting for my cash withdrawal?
my account was charged for a withdraw i tried to make that was decline.
how long does it take to post atm with drawl
why is my cash withdrawal from the atm still not yet showing as confirmed in my account?
what's a pending transaction? my card was declined at an atm, but my account says it's still pending. can i cancel the payment?
if i request that my funds be held, what currencies do you use?
i want to know how many different currencies my money can be in
do you support all fiat currencies?
does your system support multiple currency.
what currencies can i hold money in?
do you support any currency?
there is an incoming payment into my account, but it is deactivated. will they still be processed?
what currencies do you do exchanges for?
in terms of holding and exchange, what fiat currencies do you use.
what fiat currencies are used for holding transactions?
where can i exchange my money for eur?
is it permissible to hold money in multiple currencies?
can i exchange to eur?
can someone assist me with the details explaining which fiat currencies that you support?
do you offer additional currency options?
how do i change currencies to euros?
what fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
when considering currency holdings and exchanges, what fiat currencies are supported?
will you handle eur?
can i hold money in other currencies?
what options do i have for holding currencies?
do you happen to do exchanges of eur?
do you accept exchanges to eur?
can you tell me what currency i can have?
am i able to exchange currencies?
what currencies are used in your exchange?
which fiat currencies do you support?
which country's currency do you support?
i want to make a currency exchange to eu.
can i exchange and hold all fiat currencies?
what kind of currency can i hold money in?
can i exchange currencies?
do you work with all fiat currencies?
can i hold money in multiple currencies?
how man currencies can i hold?
besides usd what other currencies can i have?
how do i accept exchanges to eu?
what kind of fiat currency can i used for holding and exchange?
do you support the exchange of eur from my currency.
what countries can i travel to and have access to their currencies?
i need my card now!
my card was not in the mail again can you advise?
i need my card quick
how long will it take to get to me?
i'm just wondering when my card will get here.
can you get me my card fast?
how long will it take to deliver something to us?
i live in the us, how long will it take for delivery?
when can i expect my card to be delivered to the us?
i need my card quickly
does delivery to the us take long?
how long will it take to arrive?
can i have my card delivered on a specific day?
what is the difference between standard and express delivery?
can it be delivered by a specific date?
may i choose when it's delivered?
i need it delivered on a certain date.
when should i expect my card?
how long does it take to get my card? can i choose when to receive it?
how long will it take for the card to arrive?
how fast can you deliver?
ordered awhile back, what is the eta in the us?
how long should i expect for the card to arrive?
whats the delivery time to the united states?
when will the card arrive?
send my card as soon as you are able to.
when are cards delivered?
how long does shipping take to get to a us destination?
can i get my card expedited?
how long until my card is delivered?
i need my card to come as soon as possible.
when can i expect to receive my new card?
i am waiting for my card to arrive.
i need my card as soon as possible.
i need it delivered by saturday.
what's the u.s. delivery time?
when will my card arrive?
can i choose a date for delivery?
can i make sure my card is delivered on a specific day?
can i have it be delivered at a certain time?
when traveling, can i auto top-up my card at certain times?
is there a limit when using auto top-up?
will it automatically top-up or do i need to do that manually if there isn't much cash left?
i'm running out of money, can i  auto top up?
how do i use auto top up?
can it automatically top-up money if there isn't much left?
if there isn't much money left can it automatically top-up?
i read about the auto-top up function, but can't find it in the app.
can i have it add money at certain time intervals when i travel?
i'm going to be away for awhile, can i have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
where can i find the "auto-top" feature?
i just activated auto top-up, but it is not letting me enable it. why not?
is there an auto top-up option?
where is theft-top option?
are there limits on auto top-up?
can you assist me with the auto top up ?
do you have any limit on the auto top-up?
why are there limits on auto top-up?
how can i top up automatically?
how do i make sure i don't run out of money on my card while traveling?
what's the limit on automatic top-up?
if i will be traveling, is there a way to auto top-up my card on certain days?
where is the auto top-up option?
can i have a auto top-up when my account is short?
do you have an auto top-up option?
can i space out how often money is transferred along my travels?
will it automatically top-up money if there isn't a lot left?
can i have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
can i set up an automatic top-up for travel.
i've tried looking for the auto-top up option on your website and i can't seem to find it. can you help me?
how do i top up my money automatically
can i be topped up once i hit a certain balance?
will it automatically top-up if there isn't much money left?
is there any way to auto top-up?
can you explain where i can find the auto-top option?
what is the auto top up function and where can i find that at?
is there a way to top-up automatically?
is there a top-up feature, if there isn't a lot of money left?
what is the highest limit for auto top?
how do i enable auto-top up?
i've tried my card a bunch of times and it never worked.
i can't get my card to work.
my card appears to be broken how can i fix it?
how do i know why my card isn't working?
my card broke.
my card won't work.
why is my card not working?
can you please identify the problem with my bank card?
how do i unblock my card using the app?
my card does not work
how can i get my physical card to work?
can someone assist me by explaining why my card is not working?
help me.  my card doesn't work.
can a card stop working?
i think my card is broken
why isn't my card working?
my card isn't working anymore.
my card was declined today when eating and i need to know what's wrong.
my card doesn't work.
how can i resolve a problem where my card won't go through at all?
my actual card isn't working.
is my card broken?
i broke my card
my card stopped working
my card is broke, what do i do?
i tried using my card today and it's not working, can you help me?
my card stopped working when i use it
i can't use my card.
need help with my card. it's not working.
i cannot use my card.
the card i've got seems to be broken.
my card isn't working
my card suddenly quit working.
i have tried to use my card several times and it does not work.
the card i have doesn't work.
my card doesn't accept any transaction at all. what's wrong??
how can i check if my card is working?
nothing goes through on my card.
how do i find out why my card won't work?
could it be that i deactivated my card, its not working?
may i exchange currencies with this?
tell me how i can exchange between different currency.
can i change from one currency to another?
how do i change gbp to aud?
will this app exchange currencies?
how do i convert currencies with the app?
how are currencies exchanged?
can i exchange currencies with this app?
how do i make an exchange from one currency to another?
how do i interconvert between aud and gbp?
what all currencies can be exchanged?
what is the best way to exchange currency between usd and gbp using your app?
if i wanted to make a change from gbp to aud what is the process?
can i get some money exchanged?
is it possible to change to another currency?
how do i exchange my gbp to aud?
how would i use my money in a different country?
if i receive foreign currencies, am i able to exchange them on the app?
can i change to another currency?
i need aud not gbp, how do i change it?
what is the best way to exchange currency?
if i need gbp instead of aud what do i do?
i was wondering whether exchanging currencies can be done on this app.
i might need aud instead of gbp, how to change?
how do i go through the process of currency exchange?
change currency
can am i able to exchange currencies?
where do i go to change gbp?
what currency's can i exchange for?
what currencies will this app exchange?
can this app help me exchange currencies?
i would like to exchange some currency.
can i exchange between gbp and usd on the app?
is there currency exchange on this app?
can i change my currency from usd to eur?
i think i want aud and not gbp, can you help?
how do i exchange currency?
can i use this app to change dollars into euros?
can i exchange currencies with my account?
i would like to exchange currencies
my entire gym bag, including my wallet, was stolen out of my locker today. everything in my wallet is gone - how do i block the card to make it can't be used?
i can't find my card and think it may have been stolen.
someone stole my card. i need to report it stolen. i made a police report already, but how do i report it with you?
i cant find my card, it's gone.
my card is lost! what can i do?
i lost my card
oh no!  i lost my card!  help!
i believe my card has been stolen, what can i do about this situation? it's urgent.
help! someone stole my card!
help.  i have a stolen card!
card is lost, please help
how do i report my card stolen?
my card is gone i think it was stolen
is a copy of the police report necessary for completing the report process?
i lost my wallet today with all my credit cards. will you please block the card and send a replacement?
how do i deal with a stolen card?
can you freeze my card it was stolen
help!  i can't find my card.
what should i do if i lost my card?
i need help with a lost card
i think my card was stolen.
someone stole my wallet earlier today, not sure exactly when, probably on piccadilly circus. can you check if there were any attempts to use the card and obviously block it?
i think i lost my card . i dont know how long it has been missing. can you see if maybe someone else has been using it?
how can i freeze a stolen card?
what should i do if my card is missing?
my bags were stolen. i need a new card but need to cancel the stolen one.
somehow i am missing my card.  what should i do?
my card was taken from me
my card got lost.
some idiot stole my card.
how do i report my card lost or stolen?
my card is lost! what do i do now?
i'm in spain and my stuff has been stolen. my card was with it and i need a new one shipped and the old one frozen.
i believe my credit card was stolen.
how do i report a stolen card?
somebody has stolen my card, i need help please.
i cannot find my credit card.
are you able to locate my card?
my card got stolen!
help me please!  my card was stolen!
how old do i need to be to get an account for myself
how young can i be to open my own account?
how old do i have to be?
can i open an account for a child?
how old do we have to be?
how do i go about setting up an account for my daughter?
is there an age minimum?
what is the youngest age in order to have an account?
what age do i have to be?
can my daughter open an account?
what is the minimum age to open an account?
what is the minimum age?
i am only 17. can i make an account?
could i open an account for my children?
what is the age to open an account?
how do i open up an account for my child?
can i open a bank account for my newborn baby?
how old do i have to be to open an account?
do you offer services for children to have money saving experience?
if my kids wanted to use your service how old would they have to be?
can my 19 year old daughter open a savings account at the bank?
how old do you have to be to get an account?
what's the minimum age for opening an account?
i would like an account for my children, how do i go about doing this?
can my children have their own account?
is it possible to open an account for my children?
do my kids have to be a certain age to use this service?
how old do you have to be to be able to open an account?
is there an age limit?
what are the age requirements for opening an account?
will i be able to open an account for my daughter
how old do i need to be to open an account?
what age can sign up for services?
how old do my kids have to be to use your service?
what age do my kids need to be to use your service?
how old do my children need to be to open an account?
how old does my kids need to be to open an account?
how young can someone be in order to open an account?
what is the youngest someone can be to open an account?
how old does one have to be to have an account with the bank?
how do i get my pin unlocked?
where can i view my pin?
will you reinstate my pin?
i accidentally blocked my pin. how do i reset it?
how do i unblock my pin after entering it wrong too many times?
i used the wrong ping too many times and now the account is blocked.  how do i unblock?
i need help because i drunken blocked my card?
how do i reset my pin, i can't seem to use my card?
when i put the wrong pin too much, i got blocked, so can you help me unblock my pin
my pin was blocked, how do i make it so i can use it?
how many tries do i have to enter my pin before i'm blocked?
what should i do if i've tried to enter my pin too often?
i have exceeded the number of times i can try my pin
how can i unblock a blocked pin number for my account?
what do i do if the bank machine won't accept my pin attempts anymore?
can you unlock my pin? i think i entered the wrong pin too many times.
how do i deal with a blocked pin?
i attempted to use my card while i was intoxicated, and i failed to input my pin, and the machine kept my card. how soon can i have it back?
can i unblock my card using the app?
i'v exhausted all the of times i can try my pin
how can i unlock my pin from too many tries?
help! i forgot my pin and have been locked out of using my card.
my account is blocked, how do i log in now
why did i get blocked?
are you able to unblock my pin?
can you assist me with unblocking my pin? i put it in wrong too many times.
i entered the wrong pin too many times and now i am blocked.  help me unblock!
my pins seems to be blocked, can you unblock it please
can you unblock my pin after too many wrong pin attempts?
what can you do to unblock my pin?
my pin is blocked, what do i do?
can i reactivate my pin?
how do i reset my pin?
can i unblock my pin?
how do i unblock my pin?
my card's frozen, what can i do?
how can i unlock the pin?
since my pin is blocked, would you help me unblock it?
my pin is not working and i need assistance.

where can i get my pin unblocked?
are contactless payments enabled on my new card?
my contanctless has stopped working
what is required documents for new card process ?
i don't know what's wrong, my contactless stopped working. tried it in a few different places today and it didn't work in any of them.
how do i get the contactless feature to work for my card?
i tried to pay contactless at the bus today and it didn't work. any ideas why?
i've been unable to pay contactless with my card for over a week now. is there a way to fix this issue?
do you know why my contactless won't work?
my contactless payments have not been completed successfully.
do i need to replace my card if it didn't work when i tried to pay contactless at the shop today?
for some reason my contactless has stopped working. i don't know what the problem is. what can i do?
i couldn't use my contactless this morning, it wasn't accepted.
contactless isn't working for me
why wouldn't the contactless payment work when i tried to pay at the bus today?
how do i check my security settings to allow contactless pay?
what can i do if contactless doesn't work?
fix my contactless
how can i make my contactless work for the metro?
my contactless is not working
can you help my fix my contactless?
for some reason my contactless won't work for me.
i'm unable to use contactless payments for purchases.
when i tried to pay for my bus ride, the contactless payment wouldn't work. how can i prevent this in the future?
the nfc payment wouldn't work on the bus today. help?
i wanted to use my card contactless but it doesn't seem to be working, what could be the problem?
how do i make contactless work
what is the charges for new card?
the contactless i have won't work.
why isn't my contactless not working?
i wanted to use my contactless at the metro today but it didn't accept it!
it didnt work when i tried to pay contactless at the bus today. why?
i am not able to do contactless.
how do i use contactless payments?
help me with my contactless which isn't working.
how can i fix a problem where contactless isn't working?
how do i use contactless pay?
how do i enable contactless pay?
do i need to make a regular payment before a contactless one?
how can i find out where my contactless works?
should i reinstall the payment app?
how much do you charge to accept transfers
i would like to make a transfer. how much does it cost?
i need to make a transfer, what will the fee be?
if i make a top-up are there charges applied?
can i also transfer with swift?
are swift transfers accepted?
i would like to refill my account using swift.
do i have to pay for topping up by transfer?
are there any sort of fees involved for top of transfers?
is it possible to get a transfer from swift?
do i have to pay any fees in order to receive money?
how much am i charged to receive money?
will you deal with swift transfers?
will there be any charges for money received?
will a transfer incur a fee?
are there charges for receiving a sepa transfer?
if i transfer money from my bank to top-up my account will i be charged?
will i be charged if someone needs to send me money?
what are the fees for top-ups?
will topping up by transfer lead to a charge on my account?
what are the charges for receiving money?
what is the fee to receive money?
how much am i charged for a sepa transfer?
how much is the fee for a sepa transfer?
what'll it charge me for a sepa transfer?
is there a charge for topping up by transfer?
do you do swift transfers?
should i expect to be charged for topping up by transfer?
will i be charged for a sepa transfer?
is there a fee for a transfer? if so how much will it be?
please tell me about swift transfers at this bank.
is there a fee for transfer top-up?
can you tell me what the transfer policy is?
is a swift transfer okay?
will i be charged a fee if i receive a sepa transfer
when topping up by transfer, will i be charged?
what us the fee to transfer money from my bank?
do i get charged if i am getting money?
can you tell me the total cost of a transfer?
can i do a transfer with swift
new customer and filling gas today, it's not working, the thing shows pending half an hour!
my card was topped this morning but i can't see the funds. why didn't it complete?
what would lead to my top up still pending?
there's a delay in my top-up
is there a reason my top up hasn't gone through
the top-up is pending.
could you explain why my top-up has gone through yet?
i've already topped up, but i cannot see the funds being available. what happened?
what is going on? my top-up is still pending. i use your system all the time but now it is just showing as pending.
i  do not see a top-up processed.
i topped up but it didn't complete
so, i am a new customer and attempted to top up for the very first time today. it's already been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. i need to please get this fixed.
my top up is pending.
can you look into my top up please.  i made it over three hours ago and yet it's still pending.
can you please make my top up go through as soon as possible. i really need the money and it has been pending for an hour already.
what's going on with the top-up? all it says is pending, pending, pending! i use your service several times a week and have never had a problem before! what's going on here?
why hasn't my top up gone through yet
top-up is slow to process
is there something wrong with your website? i tried topping up my account and it's been close to two hours now and it's still at "pending" for some reason. i just joined with you guys and this is the first attempt at this, so maybe i'm wrong, but shouldn't this be instant?
i topped up by card a while ago and it's still pending, surely it should be done by now?
why hasn't my top-up been completed?
top up did not complete
so i just put my top-up into the card and it hasn't changed.
why is my top up still pending?
your top-up function isn't working, it still says pending even though i know my card works.
hi i'm a new customer and tried topping up for the first time today, seems it's not working, the thing shows up as pending since half an hour already! please fix it!
omg!  i'm trying to load my card and it wont top up!  i desperately need the money either on my card or in my bank, where is it?
i'm attempting to top-up my account but it has been pending for an hour.
why is my top-up still outstanding?
what does it mean when my top up is saying  still pending?
my top up hasn't worked, it's been stuck in pending for the last couple hours
it doesn't look like the top-up completed.
why does my top up say still pending when i used my card to do it.
where is the money i topped off with?
hi. i'm a new customer to your system and i think something isn't working right - or maybe it is. maybe you can confirm. i tried to top up today (my first time ever) and it's been stuck at "pending" for over an hour now. is it supposed to do this or is there something wrong in the system?
why is my top-up still pending?
topping up my card is not working because i believe the top up is pending
when will my top-up process?
the top-up has a definite problem! i regularly use your service and haven't had a problem before, but now the top-up just shows pending. please tell my why it continues to show pending.
i tried topping up but my funds seem to be pending. i want to buy something right now, what do i do?
i made a transaction this morning and would like to revert it.
can i cancel a charge?
can i cancel my transaction?
i made a transaction but did it to the wrong account.
tell me how to cancel a transfer.
i need you to cancel a transfer that i made.  it is the wrong account number and the app won't let me stop the transaction.  please stop it!
i need to cancel my recent transfer immediately, i made a mistake there, please help quickly before it goes through
i would like to revert a transaction i did this morning
if i make a transaction can i cancel it?
how can i cancel a transfer?
is there any way to cancel a transfer?
i accidentally made a transaction to the wrong account.
i want to cancel a transfer right away! can you help?
help me cancel my transaction
this is urgent, i typed the wrong payment information for a payment i needed to make and have clicked send, i need to reverse the transaction immediately.
can i cancel a transfer
i want to reverse my transaction from earlier
is there a way to revert my transaction from this morning?
i'd like to cancel a transfer
can i cancel a transfer if is already processed?
i transferred the wrong amount and would like to cancel the transaction.
i made a mistake when i did a transfer so now what can i do to fix that?
i need to cancel an incorrect transaction.
how do i cancel my transfer?
i made a mistake with a transaction!
i submitted a transaction to the incorrect account.
the transfer i just made needs to be cancelled right now. it was my mistake. please help me cancel it before it goes through!
i want to go back on what i did this morning
can a transaction be cancelled?
how do i cancel my transaction?
my transaction needs to be canceled.
i need to make an immediate cancellation related to a transfer. this was a mistake. please assist quickly so this does not actually go through.
i made a mistake and need to cancel a transaction
i made an error in payment yesterday and i need it fixed asap because it's for my rent tomorrow.
cancel my last transfer
my recent transfer needs to be cancelled immediately; it was a mistake, please can you cancel it before it goes through?
i need help cancelling a transaction.
i don't want the transaction to go through now
can i change the amount i made on a payment that i made to the payment is correct.
please help me!  i need to cancel a transaction.
can you limit my top up?
am i free to top-up as much as i want?
is there a top up limit for my account?
what is the limit to top up?
how much money can i top up?
what are the restrictions to top-offs?
are the top-ups limited?
what is the top up limit
i need to find out what is the limit for top-ups.
do you have a limit to top ups?
what is maximum top up?
how can i tell what the limit is to top-ups?
is there a limit to top-up amounts?
is there any limit to the amount i can add to a card at a time?
i want to know if there is a maximum i can top up.
what is the limit to a top-up?
tell me if there are any top-up limits?
how can i top-up my limit?
is there a limit to top-ups?
can i top-up as much as i want?
can you tell me the limits for top ups?
when i top up what are the amoutn limits.
is there a limit on top-ups?
what is the top-ups limit?
are there limits to top-ups?
is there a maximum amount of top-ups?
do you have a top-up limit?
what's the top up limit?
what is the limit to top-up?
how much can i top-up to my card at a time?
how much can i top up?
what is the most i can top up?
is there a limit to how high i can top-up?
is there an amount limit to my top-up?
is there a limit for top-ups?
is there a maximum i can top up?
how can i tell if there is a top-up limit?
do you have any restrictions to my top-up?
as for limits are top ups included?
what are the top-up limits?
i don't know if this is an issue with the atm or my account, but i just tried withdrawing 30 pounds from the atm i'm at now and it only gave me 10. is this a glitch or what exactly is going on?
i didn't get all the cash i requested for at the atm
how come the atm gave me less cash than what i asked for?
why did i not get my cash back after i withdrew?
i got less cash than the one i specified in the atm
the amount of cash i received was incorrect
i'm at an atm and withdrew 30 pounds and was only given 10. what should i do?
the atm gave me the wrong amount of cash today when i went to withdraw. the app says it was more.
the amount of cash i received was different than what i requested.
hi. i just withdrew cash from an atm and received the wrong amount. however, my app shows the correct amount i withdrew. how do i get the rest of the cash?
the wrong amount of cash came out of the atm today when i went to withdraw. when i looked at the app, it was showing it was much more.
i did not get as much cash as i requested at the atm.
how can i request cash back? the atm just gave me the wrong amount, the app shows the amount that i've been actually charged though...
where is the money i pushed it's on my mobile app as being withdrawn.
why did i not get all the cash i asked for?
my cash withdrawal was partly declined
why did i only get $20 when i tried to get $100
i have withdrawn cash from atm but i received the wrong amount. i want cash back as in app its showing actual amount which i got. please help me in this.
i went to withdraw some cash earlier today, but seems the atm gave me the wrong amount of cash! the amount showing up in the app is a lot more
i tried to get $100 but i just got $20
i have not received the amount of cash i was supposed to.
i asked for $100 cash but only got $20?
where is the money that i asked for? i asked for more than i got!
i withdrew money but the full amount wasn't dispensed.
something went wrong with my withdrawal. the amount of money isn't right.
i have got out the wrong amount from an atm. please tell me the process to get the cash back as in app its showing the amount i have been actually received.
i asked for 100 but only got 20.
i didn't receive the right amount of cash back
the atm gave me less cash than i requested
i didn't get as much cash as i asked for from the atm, why?
what do i do if the atm didn't give me the correct amount i withdrew? i pulled out 30 pounds and the atm gave me 10 pounds.
i tried to take out cash but the amount isn't right, so what do i do?
i didn't receive all the cash i asked for
i just got $20 when i tried to get $100
the right amount of cash was not sent to me.
the atm didn't give me the the withdraw amount requested.
why did i get less money than i asked for?
i didn't get the right amount at the atm.
did not receive correct cash upon withdrawal
will declined funds i tried to withdraw be returned to me?
i payed with a card and was charged an extra fee
i was charged a fee after using my card and i shouldn't have been.
is there a reason i was charged a fee for using my card as payment? i've never had an extra fee before.
i show another charge on my card from when i used it, why?
why do i get charged additional fees on some payments, but not others?
i used my card for a purchase and was charged a fee
why was i charged for card payment?
there is an unauthorized fee.
i would appreciate that someone let me know when there is an extra charge for payments. i was checking the app earlier and saying a charge on one of my payments that was additional that no one made me aware of before.
why was i charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
why did i have to pay extra because i paid with card?
why are there fees for card usage?
im not sure what this charge is for
what is the fee charged with this card payment?
when would my card be charged an extra fee for a transaction?
why did i have to pay more when i do it with my card?
i made a card payment and a fee is showing up?
i have been charged a fee for paying with card
what is the fee on my card payment?
why would i be charged a fee for card payment?
will i always be charged a fee for using my card?
can i check somewhere if there will be a fee on my payment or not? seems you are charging in some cases, what's the pattern there?
paying in card resulted in a fee
i paid with card and i think there was a fee applied.
so what items  actually come  with  extra  fees
how do i avoid getting charged a fee on my card?
is there a fee when you pay with your card?
i have been charged with a fee for paying with my card.
for the first time i got a fee on my account. how do i know when you charge these fees?
someone needs to make me aware when there are extra charges for payments. i happened to be looking at the app earlier and noticed a charge associated to a payment that was extra that no one made me aware of before at all.
is using my card free?
why was i charged an extra fee when using a card?
what fees apply when using a card?
why do you charge for payments? why aren't your charges clearly laid out in the agreement?
why was i charged a fee when i paid with card?
there is a fee on my account. why?
why do you charge fees on card payments?
i was charged a fee for a card payment. why?
why was a charged a fee for using the card?
they charged me for paying with my card.
i completed an in country transfer a few days ago and was sure to check the account information several times since the transaction was completed, but the funds are still not available. what is the problem?
my money transfer has not arrived.
i am still waiting for a transaction to be completed
i made a money transaction but the recipient can't see it
i tried to send someone money but they haven't received it.
how long does it take for a transfer to get to a recipient?
how can the recipient see my money transaction?
i transferred money but the recipient says it has not arrived. why would this be?
the transfer i did hasn't arrived
how long do money transfers take?
i transferred some money and it didint arrive
where is the transfer i started?
transaction failed?
i just finished sending money, but it's not logging on the recipient side.
i completed a money transaction but the recipient hasn't received it
the receipient doesn't see my money transfer.
i transferred the rent payment for my new place a couple days ago but the landlord says it's not there yet, despite showing up as done on my side. i checked the account number i sent it to and it's definitely correct. can you please verify if the transaction really went through or not?
i need to find out why my transfer didn't get there.
i've just moved address from a place in durham to a place in walton-on-the-naze.  i have a new landlord at my new house and they haven't got my payment but i know i sent it on time, can you check they got it please?
i sent money.  they haven't received it.
hey, i need some help figuring out way my transfer is not complete yet. my landlord hasn't got the money yet.she should have received it by now.
the day before yesterday, i performed a transfer which was within this country. it still hasn't gone through. can you check on that? the account number is definitely correct, as i've checked and double checked.
i'm having a problem with a money transfer.  i sent some money to a friend a couple of hours ago, and they haven't received it yet.  why hasn't it gotten to them? how long do transfers need to go through?
i transferred some money but the receiver can't pick it up for some reason.
where is the transaction i made to a friend?
my friend still hasn't gotten a transaction i made.
im waiting for my transaction to go through.
i made a transaction and it is taking a very long time to go through.
is there a reason why my transaction is taking so long?
how long will it take for my transaction to be completed?
i sent some money and the receiver can't access it.
i sent my friend some money a few hours ago but she has not received it yet. she really needs it. how long does this take?
the person i sent money to hasn't gotten it yet!
when will my funds transfer?
how long does it take for transfers to finish?  i sent funds to my pal, and she says that she has not gotten anything.
how long do transfers need to come through? i sent some money to a friend, she needs it urgently, but seems it's still not there yet after a couple hours.
how long until my friend receives my transaction?
why hasn't my recipient received their money?
i am still awaiting the completion of the transaction.
i transferred some money but the recipient is having trouble withdrawing.
to add money to my account, what currencies can i use?
i need support options, i want to top my card
i have 1 other us card.  can you take that?
what are the cards and currencies that are supported?
what currencies are accepted for adding money?
what kind of currencies can i use to add money?
i only own one other credit card from the usa. will it be accepted?
if i only have 1 other us card, can you take it?
can i use my american express to add money to my account?
can you tell me what cards and currencies you take?
can i use american express to add money into my account?
will you accept my other card from the u.s.?
what is accepted in regards to cards and currencies?
will you accept my other card?
i would like to add money to my account through my american express.
which cards do you guys support? i want to top up using my credit card.
what credit cards are supported?
what cards and currencies do you support?
how do i transfer funds from my american express into my account?
how can i use american express to add money to my account?
when adding money, what are the currencies you take?
which forms of currency are accepted?
are us credit cards accepted?
i want to add money but don't know what currencies you accept, can you tell me?
why wouldn't you support american express? its a card i like and use often and i don't want to get a different one
tell me which cards and what currency is supported.
do you support all cards and currencies?
which credit or debit cards can i use to top up?
what options do i have in regards to payment?
i just have one other card from the us. is that okay?
what are all the currencies and cards supported to use this?
what cards to do you support to top up.
do you accept other currencies besides us dollars?
can i use any currency to add money?
is my currency okay to add money with?
what cards and currencies will suffice?
how can i use american express to add funds to my account?
what cards and currencies are supported?
what currencies or cards do you support for topping up?
which cards and currencies do you support?
where can i obtain my virtual card?
how do you get a virtual card?
where can i find a virtual card?
is there an option to have a virtual card?
if i don't want a physical card can i get a virtual version?
i requested a virtual card but it is not showing up. why?
can you tell me how to order a virtual card?
where is the virtual card?
what is the virtual card
how do i get a virtual card?
where do i order a virtual card from?
why did i not get a virtual card yet?
how can i order virtual cards?
can you tell me where i can order a virtual card?
is it possible for me to get a virtual card?
is this where i order a virtual card?
what are the steps to getting a virtual card?
help me obtain a virtual card
where is the virtual card located?
where can i order a virtual card?
where do i obtain my virtual card?
i want a virtual card!
i want one of those virtual cards!
are virtual cards available to get?
can you help me sign up for a virtual card?
can i get a copy of the card by email?
where do i find the virtual card?
why do i not have a virtual card
how do i order a virtual card?
i thought i was going to get a virtual card but i haven't received it yet, how can we resolve this?
please help me get a virtual card.
can i order a virtual card?
where can i go to get a virtual card?
where are the virtual cards located?
i would like a virtual card- where can i purchase one?
when should i receive my virtual card?
i need to reorder my virtual card!
where can i get a virtual card?
is there a way to obtain a virtual card?
can i have one of the virtual cards?
will my card be accepted all over the world?
who accepts this card?
can i use my card for payment all over the world?
it will be fine to use at any establishment that accepts mastercard.
where can the card be used?
can my card be used everywhere?
are there any limits on where i can use my card?
what stores can i sue my card?
can i use my card anywhere i want?
is there anywhere my card will not be accepted?
what are the rules to where i can use my card?
do you know where my card will be accepted?
what places can i use my card?
is my card accepted everywhere?
what places will accept my card for payment?
does this card work everywhere?


what businesses accept this card?
where can i use my card?
which outlets accept my card?
i am traveling to germany, will i be able to use my card there?
what stores will take my credit card as payment?
is there any place i cannot use my card?
will i be able to use my card anywhere?
is my card usable anywhere?
is it acceptable to use my card anywhere?
can i use my card everywhere?
where is my card accepted?
where can i pay with my debit or credit card?
where should my card work?
areas card is accpeted
places i can use the card
can i make online purchases with my card?
does every place of business accept this card?
what places will accept my card?
can i use my card anywere?
will any business take this card?
will filling stations accept my card?
where am i able to use the card?
what can i use my card to pay for?
who accepts my card?
my top-up was cancelled; will i receive a refund?
how do i fix a reverted top up?
is it possible to tell if my top up has reverted?
my top-up showed as complete, but it's no longer there! what's going on here?
hi, i don't know what's going on i've just paid for my top up twice by accident can you help me get a refund please.
it seems my top up is reverted?
the app wouldn't accept my top up.
i topped up my account and even though it was confirmed at first, the money isn't there anymore! why did this happen, and where did my money go?
i believe my money did not go through with my top up, was there a problem on your end?
my top-up was reverted, why did this happen?
i put money into my account for the minimum balance but the application didn't accept.
can you tell me if my top-up has been cancelled?
i got topped up but the application reverted it.
why would my top up be cancelled?
there appears to have been a reversion in my top up
the application reverted my top-up.
i think my top-up was cancelled.
i believed crypto top up with something you offered. this does not seem to be working. the money has been removed from my account though so what's going on?
i topped up but the app reverted it
i went to top up and it is no longer there.  was it sent back?
what happened to my top-up?
can you tell me why my top up was reverted?
for what reason would a top up be reverted and returned to my account?
when i topped up, the app reverted my funds.
what happened to where my top-up was canceled?
i tryed to make a top-up with cryptocurrency but the payment was referted.
the app reverted my top off.
the app reverted my action when i topped up.
was my top up reversed?
i see my top-up was canceled, but why?
do you know if my top-up has been cancelled?
has my top-up has been cancelled
my top-up was revoked.
causes of top-up cancellation
the app reverted what i topped up.
has my top up been reverted?
im very upset as my top-up was canceled and i have no idea why.
my top-up has been cancelled.
on my last transaction it seem that my top-up was not successful.
i'd like to know why my top-up was canceled please.
i tried making an update to my balance using cheque just yesterday but it doesn't appear to have worked. should this not be a faster process? i need you to please check over my account because something has went wrong.
how come i don't see my deposit in my account yet?
is there a reason why my account isn't updating because i used a check to  balance my account?
i don't know why the deposit i made a week ago still hasn't showed up, i really need the money now.
i made a cash deposit almost a week ago but it's still not there!! please sort this out asap i need the money
where is my cash deposit?
how can i get the cash deposit to show up on my account?
when will i see the cash i deposited this morning as available?
cash from this morning has not deposited
where is the cash from my cheque i recently deposited?
cash deposit to my account but it has not appeared.
when i deposit cheques and cash, my balance does not update.
i made a deposit this morning but it is still pending?
cash deposit to my account has shown a red flag.
i have paid money into my account but it doesn't show.
the balance on my account wasn't updated after i made a depost.
are cheques accepted to my account? mine didn't seem to work.
i deposited a check but my balance is still the same.
im still waiting for my account to update from a cash deposit?
i submitted a cheque couple days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.would you please check what could be the possible issue?
where is my deposit?
my bank statement doesn't show the cash deposit i made recently.
my cash deposit from a week ago hasn't shown up. i need the money - how quickly can you sort this out?
why didn't my balance update after my cash or checque deposit?
why is the cash deposit not showing up in my account?
i made a deposit of cash and check that has not been added to my balance.
why hasn't my balance increased after depositing a check?
why does my account not accept cash deposits?
what happened to the cash that i tried to deposit into my account? it's gone!
i had a cheque deposited, but i still haven't seen the cash.
a cheque deposit hasn't posted to my account, when will my balance update?
i submitted a cash deposit to my account but it hasn't posted yet.
i sent a cheque  a few days ago and nothing has happened to my account yet. can you please check on this for me?
has the check i deposited cleared to i can get the cash?
how long does it take to process cheque deposits?
how come my cash deposit is not showing up. this can't be right. there must be some mistake. where did my cash go. you better not have lost it as i need this money asap.
i deposited cash this morning and i am still waiting
balance hasn't been updated following a cheque or cash deposit
i tired to deposit some cash into my account but it's not there
i sent you a cheque couple days ago, nothing happened to my account yet! this is unacceptable, where is my money??
i have a strange payment in my statement
there is a charge on my card that i did not make
i saw a payment i did not do
there is a payment that is not mine in the app.  please advise/
an unauthorized payment is in my app
i did not make this card payment.
what should i do if i see a payment i didn't make?
i found an unauthorized card payment
there is a transaction on my account that i didnt make
i don't recall making that payment?
there are some payments with my card that i don't know where they are coming from. just checked today and it's been since a couple days as well! what to i do? can i revert this retrospectively? my card needs to be frozen immediately as well!
has someone accessed my card there are payments i did not make that are showing up on the app.
there are some strange charges on my card that i didn't make from a few days ago.  is my card stolen and if so should i cancel it?  will i get refunded the charges?
why would there be a payment on my account i don't recognize?
i have a payment i didn't do
there is a payment that is not mine.
can you freeze my account?  i just saw there are transactions on my account that i don't recognize.  how can i fix this?
there is a card payment i do not recognise.
i don't recognise a card payment
payment i did not do
please put a freeze on my card,  i am worried there has been some payments on it and i don't know what for.
i think my statement has a fraudulent charge
i'm concerned about a payment that has recently been made on my card.  i do not recognize the name that the transaction went to, can you help me?
what should i do to get transactions off of my account if i didn't make them?  my card must have been compromised and i need to freeze it asap!
i have a payment listed in error.
what can i do about some payments on my card i didn't make.  please put a freeze on my card till we can figure this out.
i'm not familiar with a card payment.
i have an unauthorized transaction on my statement
there is a payment in the app that is not mine.
i don't know where this transaction came from?
i see a charge on my account that i don't recall making. i feel like my account may have been compromised.
i know i didn't make this payment showing up on my card, i don't remember this person at all.
somebody used my card to make a purchase
there's a recent charge on my card that i know i didn't make because i've never seen the name before. can we investigate this?
some of my card payments look different than where i purchased products from. why is that?
there is a strange payment on my statement. what should i do?
i think there has been a purchase made that wasn't by me.
there is a fraudulent charge on my statement.
what is the payment in my account that i did not do?
in my statement there is a payment that is i do not recognize
i no longer live at my address on file, how do i change it?
how to change my address.
how do i update my details?
my address needs to be revised.
got married, need to change account name
my address has changed.
got married and need to change name
i want to change my personal details.
i moved.  i need to update my details.
i need to edit the personal details section of my account
where can i change my personal information after i move?
where can i go to modify my detail?
how do i change my information?
i need to change my account details
i moved.  where do i update my details?
i relocated and need to change my personal details.
i need to update my personal details
my address has changed. how do i report it?
i need to update my info.
how can i modify my details?
what do i have to do to change my name?
my address has updated and i need to change it.
where can i go to update my personal profile?
is it possible to edit my personal details on the app?
how can i change my details
i need help changing my last name on my account.
how do i update my current residence details?
how do i change name?
i need to change my name since i got married
i want to change my address.
how to change name
can i change my information?
i need to update my current address
i have moved.  where can i update my details?
i want to change my name.
should i just wait until the post office sends a change of address form?
i need to change my name what do i do?
how can i edit my personal details?
how do i change my address?
what do i need to do to change the address on my account?
why do you require so many details about my identity?
i'd rather not verify my identity.
do i need to verify my identity every time i log into my account?
why am i required to verify my identity?
can i make transfers before identity verification?
what is the need to verify my identity?
do i have to do the identity check?
can i use my account without verifying my identity?
why is identity verification mandatory?
do i have to do an identity check?
i would like to not have to do the identity verification.
can i still use my account, even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
why do you require all my identity details?
why do you need so much information to verify my identity?
what is the purpose for the identity check
i don't like that i have to fill out so much information about my identity.
what is the point of an identity check?
how come you need to know my identity?
may i use my account now, even though the identity verification has not gone through yet?
do i need to verify my identity to use my account?
why am i required to do an identity check?
why am i being asked to have an identity check
can i make transactions before identity verification is complete?
do i really need to verify my identity?
why do i have to give you all of my identification details?
why do you require so many identity details?
since my id hasn't been verified, when can i use my account?
i won't verify my identity.
i want to skip verification of my identity.
i do not wish to verify my identity.
why do i have to verify my identity?
what is the identity check?
what other methods are there to verify my identity?
do i need to verify my identity?
do i need to verify my identity each time i wish to use my account?
can i use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
why is it asking me to verify my identity
do i have to verify my identity?
why do you need to know so much about me
why did i need to verfiy my identity?
i cannot verify my identity
i do not have what is required to prove my identity
why doesn't the app believe i am who i say i am?
i am having trouble verifying my identity.
what do i do if my verification failed
it is impossible to verify my identity
the app doesn't know it's me.
i'm having trouble verifying my id.
app does not recognize me
help my verify my id.
the app failed to verify my identity.
i can't verify my id.
i can't prove my identity.
i am not being recognized by the app.
why isn't my id being verified?
the app will not let me into my account.
i am having trouble proving my identity.
i cannot prove my own identity.
my id won't be verified!
i can not get the app to know it is me.
i can't verify my identity.
the app doesn't recognize me.
i am having difficulties to verify my identity.
the app doesn't believe that i am me
what's with not verifying my id?
what do i need to verify my id?
i tried verifying my id, but it won't let me.
how do i show this stupid system that this is really my identity?
i am experiencing difficulty providing my identity.
i a having trouble proving my identity
how long will it take for my id to verify?
why am i not able to verify my id?
it doesn't let me verify my identity.
app doesnt think its me
why am i having trouble verifying my id?
i am having issues with identity verification
the app won't let me log in as myself.
why can't i verify my identity?
why can't i verify my id?
for some reason i am having a problem with verifying my identity.
what do i do with my card pin?
is the pin delivered separately?
i do not have my pin
are pin separately?
i cannot seem to find my pin. where is it?
how do i set-up my pin for the new card?
how do i find my card pin?
is my card pin saved in the app
i don't know where to look to find my pin.
where in the app can i find out about my new pin
where in the app can i find my pin?
i just got my new card but am not sure how to check its pin.
do i need a pin
if i need a pin for my card, where is it located?
what is my card pin
and what about the card's pin?
about this card pin?
i received my card but not my pin.
why can't i see my pin?
what is the process for setting up a pin
does my pin come with my card?
where can i find the card pin?
why isn't my pin available yet?
is my pin located on my account somewhere?
please help in finding my card pin, thank you!
where is my pin number located?
i still don't have my pin.
so what about the card pin?
i cannot locate the card pin.
i need my pin
where can i find my pin?
when do i receive my pin
help me find my card pin!
is pin delivered separately?
i can not find my card pin.
what do i need to do for a pin?
why can't i find my pin?
where is the card pin?
what is my card's pin?
where can user find pin?
i like to mastercard rather than visa.
do i qualify for a visa card?
how do i get a visa card?
do you guys accept visa or mastercard?
are both visa and mastercard accepted?
do you guys accept mastercard or visa?
are both visa and mastercard offered?
can you give me a visa?
how to decide if i get a visa or mastercard?
can i get a mastercard?
what steps must i follow to get a visa credit card?
i'd rather get a mastercard
do i get a choice between visa and mastercard?
what do i have to do to get a visa credit card?
i would prefer a visa card
may i choose between visa and mastercard?
am i allowed to use any card to make a payment?
what are the available cards?
i want to get visa and mastercard
am i able to choose my card?
are both visa and mastercard available to me?
do you do visa or mastercard?
how do i select a mastercard instead of a visa?
i would like to apply for a visa card.
do i get to choose between visa and mastercard?
we need both a visa and a mastercard.
hello. can you tell me if you use visa or mastercard?
i'd like more information about choosing a visa or mastercard.
do you have visa or matercard?
is it possible to have both a visa and a mastercard from you?
i like mastercard better.
do you offer visa or mastercard?
i would rather the mastercard.
please give me both a visa and a master card.
is it possible to receive a visa and a mastercard?
what major card payments are accepted?
is visa or mastercard available?
can you let me know if visa is among the card scheme assignments?
do you use mastercard or visa?
is it possible to get a visa here?
how can i top up my account with a card?
where is my money i was using my card and it disappeared
how can i top up by card?
what is the process for using my credit card to transfer money?
how do i top up my card using your app? i'm new to this.
can friends add to my account
can i top up using my car?
why can't i see my topup in my wallet anymore?
use credit card to transfer money
how do my friends top up my account
i followed the instructions to transfer money using my card, but then the money disappeared and i don't know what happened.
where's the money that got charged to my card? it's not showing up in my account balance
how can i top up?
i am missing some funds from my account - i tried to transfer them using my credit card number, and it disappeared.
i have friends that would like to top-up my account is that possible?
how do i transfer money using a credit card?
can i give my friends access to my account so they can top it up for me?
i did a top-up, but i'm not seeing it in my wallet yet.
i know i entered the right info, but my top up isn't in my balance
will my friend be able to top off my account?
is there a way to transfer funds directly from my card?
why isn't my top up showing on my wallet?
i tried to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared!
help me transfer money to my credit card.
i tried to use my card to top up but all of the money has disappeared.
is it possible to use my credit card to transfer money?
how can someone add money to my account?
cannot access my top up.
are my friends able to add funds to my account?
can i transfer money to my credit card?
who else can top up my account
why is my money gone right when i attempted to top up
how do i transfer money using my credit card?
my friends want to top up my account
who can top up my accounts?
show me how to top up with my card
i topped up my card but the money disappeared.
why don't i see my top up in my wallet?
why can't i see the top-up amount i just added to my account?
are my friends able to top up my account?
how can i get multiple disposble cards.
can i make many disposable cards per day?
i need to use my disposable card multiple times a day, is there a cutoff limit?
how do i make more than one disposable card in a day?
can i have more than one disposable card?
what is the disposable cards limit?
what's the most disposable cards i can have?
do these virtual cards have any caps on using them?
how many disposable cards can i have?
what is the amount of disposable cards i can have each day?
how many disposable cards per day am i allowed to have?
how many card payments can i use on a disposable card?
what if i need multiple disposable cards?
if i have more than one disposable card, can i make five payments on each of them?
are you able to explain the restrictions of the disposable cards?
what is the maximum number of transactions i can make with one card?
what is the limit to number of transactions i can do with a disposable card?
how many disposable cards is the limit?
tell me how many transactions i can do with a disposable card.
i have to have several disposable cards per day.
i would like to know any restrictions for the disposable cards.
how can i create many temporary cards daily?
is it possible to make several disposable cards in a day?
how many disposable cards can i make in a single day?
is there a limit to how many transactions i can make on one disposable card?
are there any limits to how many disposable cards i can use?
can you explain the virtual cards limit?
how many disposable virtual cards can i have?
i need to create several disposable cards per day.
are there any hindrances to using a disposable virtual card?
how many disposable cards can i own?
how many virtual cards do i get?
what is the limit to disposable cards you can have?
how many times can i use a disposable card?
what can i use a virtual disposable card for?
do you know what the restriction of the disposable cards are?
what are the limits for disposable virtual cards?
what are the limits to using disposable virtual cards?
how many transactions can i do with one disposable card?
how many times can i use the disposable virtual card i have?
i think someone is using my card to make transactions i don't remember.
someone is using my account
someone i don't know has used my card without permission.
my card was used without my permission.
can i freeze my card right now?
freeze my account it's been hacked.
there are transactions i didn't make, someone else must have used my card.
can you freeze my card because someone used it while i was out of town. i did not make these purchases.
someone is using my account to do online shopping! please freeze it asap
someone else may be using my card.  there are transactions i don't recognize.
what do i do to stop unauthorized transactions on my card? i was never in the place from which the transactions on my bill were made and i never made them. please help!
what do i do if i think my card was improperly used?
how can i stop fraud on my account right now?
i think my identity has been stolen, can you check on unauthorized charges?
i think someone else is using my card.  there are transactions i didn't make.
i don't recognize some of the transactions on my card, i think someone must have gotten my card info and used it.
can i use app to freeze account and dispute fraud?
my card is being used online to make a bunch of purchases! someone else is using it fraudulently. can you help me freeze it?
someone has my card number, freeze my account.
i see random purchases to my account, was it hacked?
it seems someone used my card! there are a few transactions from a small town in the middle of nowhere that i definitely have not made! please prevent them from using it immediately!
how do i freeze my card using the app?
my card has been compromised
what should i do if i think that someone else may be using my card.
the transactions showing up are strange, i think my card was used without me knowing.
how do i freeze my account?
i'm not certain, but someone may be using my card.
how do i freeze my card? i think someone is using it to make a bunch of online transactions.
i think someone got my card details and used it because there are transactions i don't recognize. what do i do now?
someone else used my card!
i believe someone is using my card without my agreement!
if i feel someone has my card information, can i get a new card?
there are a few transaction that i don't recognize, i think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
i think someone has access to my card numbers that shouldn't.
i think my child used my card while i wasn't home.
what do i do if i think someone managed to get my card information?
i think someone copied the numbers on my card and is using them.
what should i do if i think someone is using my card.
can i use app to freeze my card and dispute fraud?
someone else is using my card, freeze it.
do all atms take this card?
which atms accept this card?
where is the closest mastercard atm?
is there a list of atm machines?
are there any specific atms that this card can be used at?
how do i know which atms will accept this card?
which atm's accept my card?
is there any nearby atm's?
where are the locations of atms that accept this card?
which atms accept this placard ?
help me locate the nearest atm.
what atms is the card okay to use at?
how can i find the nearest atm?
what kind of atm's can i use?
how can i withdraw money?
how many miles away is the atm?
from where can i withdraw?
which atm's will accept my card?
at what atms am i able to use the card?
can i use my card at any atms?
can i get cash with this card anywhere?

which atms accept this card?
can someone please assist me with finding my nearest atm?
are there any atm machines near me?
where is the nearest bank machine?
what type of atms accept this card?
where can i use this card at an atm?
if i have this card, which atms can i go to?
what atms can i withdraw money from?
i want to withdraw money, where can i go?
where can i withdrawal my money?
what are the atms that will accept this card?
what atms will accept this type of card?
where can i find an atm to use this card?
at which atms can i use this card?
are there certain atms that i can use this card at?
do you know the closest atm?
can i use this card at an atm?
is there places where i can't withdraw money?
locations to withdraw money
help me.  there is a direct debit that i didn't make.
there is a direct debit that's not mine.
i have a strange direct debit in my statement
i don't understand where this debit came from and want it removed.
what is this charge on my account
im so mad right now. theres several charges that i think my x boyfriend made on my card. the companys on the website wouldn't refund me my money, they told me to contact my bank. do something please.
someone stole my money
there's a direct debit payment in my account that i didn't make
there's a debit on my account that i didn't do.
i may have a fraud charge on my debit statement.
why is there a direct debit payment on my app that is not from me?
weird charges are appearing in my debit account.
even though it's late, i wanted to see about disputing a charge. i was just looking through my transactions over the past couple of months and noticed a pretty large amount that was not completed by me. is this possibly something i can still do.
there was a transaction from two weeks ago from a business that i don't know. i'm fairly certain it wasn't me who made it, but is it an option to trace it to confirm?
what is this direct debit i am seeing?
there is a direct debit that i don't recognize.
unknown direct deposit
there is a suspicious direct debit payment.
there is a transaction from my account that i don't recognize can you trace back the information so i can make sure it's something i did or not?
a couple weeks ago some money was deducted from my account by some seller that i don't remember. i'm pretty sure i didn't do that, but is it possible to trace back who that is just to make sure?
i found a charge for a direct debit that was not made by me.
i am seeing a weird payment showing up that i know i did not make, how can i get it cancelled?
this direct debit payment may not be right.
why does the app show a direct debit payment that i did not authorize
can i dispute a payment even if i notice it several weeks after it was made?
it seems there is an incorrect listing of a direct debit payment on my app that i did not make
i don't think i made this charge on my debit statement.
i have a direct debit charge that i do not recognize
i didn't make this direct debit transaction
there's a direct debit on my account that i didn't authorize
i understand that this is extremely late. after going over my transactions for the last couple of months i noticed a large charge that i'm sure i did not make. is there anyway i can still dispute this?
i don't recognize a debit payment that was made and would like to find out about the payment.
i am concerned about the security in my account and would like to make a dispute.
why is there a direct debit i didn't make showing in the app?
there is a direct debit i do not recognise in my statement
i have a direct debit transaction i have not set up, but would like to .
someone has taken my money and i don't know who
i was charged on my account that shouldn't be there.
there's a direct debit i wish to dispute
why was my account deducted from a seller when i didn't approve of it?
what do i do if i forget my passcode?  because i did.
i can't find my password
how do i retrieve my passcode?
my passcode doesn't seem to be working
i lost my password
my password isn't being accepted and i need to reset it.
something is wrong with my password.
something is wrong with my passcode
how do i reset a forgotten passcode, please?
i can't recall my passcode and need to reset it.
can i be given a new passcode?
i do not know my passcode.
i don't remember my code to get into the app.
i no longer have my passcode.
why won't my passcode work?
can i resent my passcode?
i need to reset my passcode. how do i do it?
show me please how to reset my passcode.
help me reset the passcode.
i have forgotten my passcode to access my app
what should i do if the passcode doesn't work for me?
i do not remember the code, what should i do?
where can i reset the passcode?
i need help resetting my passcode to access my app.
what steps do i take to receive another passcode?
i forgot my password
i forgot my code to get into the app.
i have forgotten my password.
i forgot the code to access the app.
is there a way to reset my passcode?
can you help me reset my password?
can i reset my password?  i don't know what it is.
how do i reset the passcode?
what should i do if i forgot my passcode?
my passcode doesn't work
tell me how to reset the passcode.
i need a new passcode.
i don't have my access code for the app.
can you tell me what to do to reset my passcode?
what is the code i need to get into the app?
can you tell me why you won't let me get my own money out of the money machine? i know i used the right pin.
my withdrawal was cancelled.
this is very frustrating. i can't get my card to work on any atm i try and i've tried 3 of them so far. what's going on? can you please fix this issue immediately?
the atm did not allow me to withdraw
why was my atm transaction cancelled?
the atm keeps declining my card. i tried at a couple different atms. can you tell me if there's a problem with my account?
i was at the atm trying to made a withdraw and i was declined.
the atm didn't let me get any cash
i want to know why i have been unable to withdrawn funds.
i need your help to check my account, please! my card keeps being declined at the atm, and i've already tried two different ones!
hi, my card withdrawal was declined this morning. it was working fine till yesterday. please check and inform me.
hi, i was trying to use my card but it was declining by atm. i have cross checked with two different atms but i was facing the same issue. could you please check my account.
i tried to make a cash withdrawal and it was declined. why did this happen?
i can't get money out of the atm
the atm is declining my card. i tried at two different atms. can you tell me if there's anything wrong with my account?
the withdrawal was declined i am unsure as to why this happened?
i was declined when i tried to get cash.
why was i declined at the atm today when i was trying to make a withdraw?
what are some reasons that would cause atm machines to decline my card? it has happened to me multiple times!
why did the atm machine fail to give me a cash withdrawal?
my atm transaction was unsuccessful.
i attempted to get cash but was declined.
i tried to withdraw money but i was declined!
how come i can't take money out of the atm?
the atm keeps declining my card. i tried at two different atms. can you tell me if there's an issue with my account?
why was my cash withdrawal declined?
why could i not get cash?
why couldn't i get cash in the atm?
why can't i get cash?
why didn't the atm give me my money?
i tried to withdraw money from an atm and i was declined on front of my friends. why did this happen?
the atm isn't giving out any money.
why was i declined getting cash?
i couldn't get cash at the atm
oh my goodness, my card has been declined twice at atm! i tried two different atm, but each one declined my card! can you tell me what's going on with my account?
why could i not choose cash at the atm?
my cash withdrawl was declined why?
is there a reason that the atm declined my transaction?
the cash i tried to draw from the atm was not approved.
atm would not give me cash
my card payment is still on hold, why is it so?
why is my payment pending?
my card payment is still pending.
how do i finalize a card payment
why is my card payment showing as pending?
why has my payment not gone through?
please help me to know the status of my card payment as its pending since a while.
i recently made a payment, and it is showing up in my account as "pending". what does that mean?
what does it mean by pending payment?
when will my card payment be done pending?
i made this payment days ago so why hasn't it gone through yet?
i am seeing pending from the card payment i made.
my card payment is showing pending.
i bought some stuff this morning but the payment shows as pending
i am waiting for a payment to go through.
how long does an item i bought show as pending?
what is a pending payment?
i would like to know why my purchases from this morning are still pending.
why is there a pending transaction on my card?
my card payment is pending.
why is a payment showing up on my card as pending?
i made a purchase and it says it's pending. what does that mean?
how long do card transactions take to clear?
what does pending mean?
how long will this card payment stay pending?
my payment still hasn't processed!
i was double charged, and the second charge is showing as "pending". how long will it be before i get my money back once the second charge has been refunded?
i have waited 15 days, but my payment still hasn't cleared.
why would i have a pending payment?
explain what the pending payment means?
why are my payments showing pending?
my card is still pending, i've been waiting a while.
how long does it take for a payment to go thru? i made one a few days ago and it has not been cleared yet.
i bought some things this morning but the payment shows that it is pending
how long does it take to authorise a payment?
i had a payment that i made and it's been some amount of time and would like to know when it's suppose to go though.
what does a pending transaction mean?
i have paid by my card but payment is still its coming as pending. i think there is some issue please check and let me know when the status will complete.
i have a pending payment in my account that i paid a while back ago and it still hasnt gone through. why would it show pending for so long?
i have a pending payment from stuff i bought this morning.
my phone was stolen
my phone was stolen yesterday.  what should i do?
if my phone is missing, can i block someone from using the app?
i think my phone is either lost or stolen.
if i was mugged and lost everything, how do i access my account and app?
i can't find my phone.
i've lost track of my phone or someone stole it.
i'm not sure where my phone is, i think someone stole it or it's lost.
can i used my card even if my phone has been stolen?
my phone was stolen, what do i do?
lost my phone, dont want others to use it.
i lost my phone and need help securing it.
my phone was stolen so i no longer have access to the app.
left phone at hotel, how to access app
my phone is not on me.  how can i use the app?
my phone is gone
my phone is not with me at the moment so i will not be able to access the app.
my phone was taken! can you place cancel my account so no one uses it
i lost my phone and would like to freeze my accounts.
lost phone, can i still access account?
the hotel called and said i left my phone in the room.
someone stole my phone yesterday :( is there anything i need to do?
lost phone, dont want others to access account
i was mugged and everything taken.  what do i do to protect my account?
i believe i left my smartphone at the hotel i was staying at.
someone attacked me yesterday and took my things, so i am unable to use the app.  i am in need of some help.
can i still use the app if i switched phones?
i was mugged yesterday and they took everything.  i can't access my app.  what are my next steps?
i got mugged yesterday and lost access to the app. i need to regain it.
if i lost my phone, can someone use my account?
i am not able to use the app since i forgot my phone at the hotel i was staying at.
someone stole my phone.
someone stole my cards!
my phone is lost.  what do i do to prevent someone from using the app?
is there anything i need to do since my phone was stolen?
i lost my phone!
i can't find my phone but it has all my credit card information.
how do i use the app if i don't have my phone with me?
i got mugged yesterday and can't use the app.
my things were stolen yesterday and i can't use any apps or anything, so i am going to need some help.
hello- it is urgent i get a refund on this product. the merchant has not been helpful, what can i do now to get this resolved asap?
can i receive a refund for my item?
get an item refund
would i be able to get a refund for something i bought?
i need to do a refund
i need a refund on an item i have not received.  am i able to simply cancel the payment?  i don't know how to do this.
i would like a refund for something i bought
i want to return an item.
can i have a refund?
i wasn't charged the correct amount for an item i purchased, how can i fix this?
hi there! i need to cancel an order i recently made and start processing a refund. can you please help me with this and set up the refund as soon as possible? it's very urgent.
please stop my purchase.
i want a refund because my package has been taking too long to arrive. how do i go about doing that?
how do i apply for a refund?
can i have an item refunded?
i ordered something ages ago online but it's simply not arriving. i've got enough! give me back my money, i'm not paying these people.
what do i need to do to get a refund?
i need a refund?
i am unhappy with my purchase, how do i cancel the order?
i bought something but now i would like a refund. how do i do that?
how do i get refunded?
can you cancel my purchase?
how do i cancel a previous purchase
i would appreciate it if i could get an item refunded
how do i claim a refund?
i don't want the item, i bought it on accident, can i get a refund?
hello i changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things i bought recently. can you please cancel the transaction and get my money back. please it's urgent.
i would like a refund on one of your products that has been sold to me
i am not happy with this product can i get a refund?
i want this amount reversed out of my account.
hello! i recently made a purchase and i'm needing to cancel my order and process a refund as soon as possible.
i want to reverse a purchase. can i cancel it?
i am chatting about an order from a long while back.  i never got it to this day and am deeply upset by this!  i want all of my money back!  i just can not accept paying for something i never got.
i bought this item and was charged the wrong amount can i get a refund?
i would like to cancel a payment. i purchased something several days ago and i still have not received it.
what's the refund process?
i want a refund for my purchase
how can i process a refund for something i purchased?
i want to get an item refunded
i need to cancel a purchase i made.
i tried to make a transfer and it was declined. why?
good morning. i tried to make a purchase with my credit card last night and again this morning. both times it was declined. can you investigate?
i am getting continuous failure for all my transfers. i have cross checked each recipient detail again and again and everything is correct.
why was my transfer declined
what would make a decline message show up during a transfer?
why do you keep declining my transfers?it was always been working really well so far but when i tried to buy something just now the card got declined . i tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
how can i fix my card, it got declined twice.
why did a transfer get declined?
my transfers are being declined. it has always worked for me but now it's declining my card. i've tried several times.
why did my transfer decline
the card got declined twice when i tried to use it to buy something online yesterday.
if the transfer details have already but reviewed and confirmed that they are correct, what other reason would cause my transfer to be declined?
why did i get a transfer declined?
why did my my transfer get declined?
how do i contact customer support about a transfer?
you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far, but when i tried to buy something just now the card got declined. i tried couple times already but same thing.
why was i unable to do a transfer?
trouble transferring transaction contact for help
why could my transfer have been declined?
when i try and to buy something using my card it keeps getting declined.
i could not do a transfer because it was declined
when i submit a transfer, it is being declined.  the information i put in has been reviewed.
why was the transfer declined?
what is the reason my transfer was declined?
my transfer got declined.
my transfer was declined
i tired to move my money, but my transfer was declined.
i would like to know why my transfer was declined.
i tried to make a transfer, but it was declined. can you tell me why?
for what reason was my transfer declined?
my transfer has been declined and i know it should have went through.
double check your funds may be declined
i can't transfer money from my account.
why would my transfer be declined? i've checked that i've put in all the right details, but it is still declined.
i tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. tried again today but same thing happened. what's broken?
i tried to buy something online yesterday but it wouldn't stop saying declined. tried again today but same thing happened. what's broken?
my card is being declined online. could you tell me what might be broken or wrong with the account?
are there any restrictions causing my transfer to be declined?
i was attempting to purchase a golf club off ebay yesterday, but my credit card was declined. i tried multiple times, and again this morning. can you check into my card please?
i think my transfer was declined, but why?
the refund isn't showing up on my account.
my refund is missing from my statement.
i requested a refund, and never received it. what can i do?
i was supposed to get a purchase refunded but i don't see the money in my account
there's a refund missing from my statement
i need help. i asked for a refund from a merchant a while ago, but i have not gotten my money back. i keep checking my account, but nothing is showing up. what should i do now?
i am awaiting my refund
how long does it take for a refund?
help! i keep checking my account, but my refund is not showing. i requested that a seller refund my money a while back, but there is no money showing in my account. what can you do for me?
can you tell me why my refund is not showing in my statement?
i asked for a refund last week but nothing has happened yet, can you help me please?
why is my refund missing from my  statement?
still waiting on a refund.
i requested a refund and it is missing.
hi, as suggested by you, i have asked the seller to initiate the refund, it has been a week and i haven't received my money. please advise.
i bought something and returned it and the money from the return isn't in my account.
do you have any idea on when i will receive my refund? i got my statement and it was not there.
why isn't a recent refund on my statement?
where can i see the refund in my account
i was supposed to get a refund but my balance hasn't changed, why not?
i requested a refund from a merchant days ago but i do not see it in my account.
the refund has not appeared in my account
did my refund go through? it's not on my statement.
my statement doesn't show that a refund has processed
i requested a refund from a store but it hasn't arrived.
i still haven't seen a refund on my account
i am missing a refund.
my refund doesn't seem to be showing on my statement.
i am not seeing a refund in my statement.
why can't i see a recent refund in my statement?
i did what you told me earlier and contacted the seller for a refund directly, but nothing is happening! it's been a week and i still haven't got anything. please just give me back my money
where is my refund? i have been checking my account all day.
it's been a week and i have done everything that i was asked to do and still nothing. i have contacted the seller and have not gotten a response. please understand my frustration and put the money back in my account.
my refund is missing
why doesn't a return show up im my account from a purchase i made?
i keep checking my bank statements but i don't see a refund that i've requested from a seller. can you ensure that i receive the refund from the seller?
i am waiting patiently for a week now for the seller to get back to me and there has been no response, could you please help me further with getting my money back.  thank you.
i would like some help getting a refund back from a seller. it still isn't showing up on my statement and i requested this a long time ago. i'm not sure why it's not returned yet. can you assist me in getting this money back?
how long will it take to get my refund
i should have received a refund however it is not showing on my statement
my credit card was declined.
the new card that was just sent to me was declined multiple times yesterday when i tried to use it at a restaurant to pay for my dinner.  i am really disappointed  and embarrassed that my card was denied when i tried to use it to pay for my friend's birthday dinner.
why was my card payment declined?
i was trying to purchase something at the store today and my card has been declined.  why has this happened?
my payment has been declined, i thought this issue was fixed!
my card was declined in a shop
why did it decline my payment?
my card declined
can you look at my account ans see why my card was declined
i was out today looking forward to pay with my new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. this is really sad, what's going on?
why was a transaction on my card declined?
my new card keeps getting declined. i was very excited to use it for the first time today. why is this doing this?
my latest payment was declined, i was told everything was back to working order. what happened?
i know i have enough funds in my account but my card payment hasn't worked for some reason. what do i do?
why doesn't the card payment work
i'm really stuck. i don't know why but my card payment has not gone through.
i have a card payment that was declined, but why?
do you know why my card payment did not work?
something is wrong with my payment account since it has been declined
why are you declining my payment? everything was fine.
i don't know why my payment didn't work.
my card payment did not work.
why is my debit card being declined when i have money?
my card was not accepted.
i have no idea why my card payment did not work.
my card payment didn't work, can you help?
my card was rejected at the store for some reason, can you look into this for me?
please explain why my card was declined?
hello, i am facing the issue with my new card as payments are declining again and again. please help me in this issue.
do you know why my card payment is declined?
why was my payment declined
they declined my card payment.
why has my card payment been declined?
i finally got my new card and was very excited to use it today. however, my payment kept declining. what is happening?
my card payment did not complete.
my card didn't work in one of the shops.
card payment declined?
i tried using my card and it kept getting declined, why?
how do you fix  my card payment?
why do you keep declining my payment? i tried several times already with this card and it's just not working
i did transfer, why is it pending
how long for money transfer to show?
why is my transfer not done yet?
i have a pending transfer
i am waiting for a pending money transfer to process.
i transfered however its still pending
i have a transfer that's pending and wanted to know how long it is going to take to process?
so the transfer finally worked but now it's been pending for quite a long time. how long do you expect me to wait for it? it's quite urgent
i had made a transfer but its still pending.
i submitted my transfer but it has been pending for quite a while and i was wondering what takes so long? why hasn't it completed
how can i speed up a transfer?  mine is pending.
how long can an eu transfer take?
my transfer is still coming up as pending.
i'm trying to transfer money to another country. it's just pending and not sending. my account details are correct. please help me.
my transfer is still pending and i know the account numbers are correct.  please help.
i transferred money yesterday, but it still isn't available?
how long does a transfer stay pending?
how long do transfer pend for?
why hasn't my transfer gone through yet?
when will the transfer go through?
please explain why the transfers shows up as pending?
i double checked that i have the correct account details , they're right for sure. transfer is still pending since forever. what should be done now?
when will my transfer go through?
what is the cause that the transfer shows as pending?
when will the transfer be completed?
pending transfer?
i would like to know why my payment is still pending, can you help?
someone transferred money to me and it doesn't show
how long does a transfer take to be confirmed?
i made a transfer 12 hours ago. why is it still listed as pending?
why does my transfer say "pending"?
how long can i expect a transfer to pend for?
for how long will my transfer be pending?
transferring money in 2018 to another country shouldn't take this long. my transfer has been pending for too long. i verified my account details are correct.
why is a money transfer not showing?
the transfer is coming up as pending the payment is due today. will i be charged a fee?
i am still waiting for a money transfer to show
my transfer hasn't gone through yet.
i am confused as to why my transfer could still be pending.
how long does it take for a money transfer to show?
can you remove my account please?
i want to close an account but im not sure about setting up a new one in the future, what do you recommend
my account needs to be deleted.
i would like to delete my account please.
what steps do i need to take to close my account?
i'm tired of all the problems i've had. i want to quit this account!
please delete my account right now!
i want to close my account
unhappy with you, how to delete account
i would like to delete my account.
i am highly unsatisfied with this company and want to delete my account!
i don't like your company. delete my account.
i would like to close my account.
this company is terrible! can you delete my account?
this company is bad, please delete my account.
please delete my account, your services are not up to par.
i need your help in deleting my account.
the service of this company sucks, i need to terminate my account.
delete this account!
how do i get rid of my account asap?
this company isn't good, i would like to delete my account.
can you delete my account please?
i am not satisfied with your company and would like to delete my accounts!
please delete my account. i am not happy with the service from your company.
please terminate my account.
i am sick of this damn company and want to close out my account.
please close my account. i am unsatisfied with your service.
please delete my account.
your service is terrible,.  delete my account,
i want my account deleted!
i am extremely unhappy with this app and want to get rid of my account?
how do i delete my account?
this company sucks! can you delete my account?
i wish to close my account. i do not like the service you provide.
can you help me get rid of my account?
i don't find your services useful anymore, how do i delete my account?
please delete my account, this company is not working for me!
i want to delete my account. i'm unhappy with the service you're providing.
can you tell me how to close my account?
this company sucks! can you terminate my account?
what do i do if an atm "stole" my card?
how do i retrieve my card from the machine?
i was retrieving money and my card wouldn't remove.
what do i do since the machine swallowed my card. i need one.
how do i get my card back after the atm has pulled it in?
atm took my card
is there a way i can get my atm card back from the machine?
i think the atm ate my card.
the atm didn't give me the card back!
how can i get my card out of the damn atm?
the atm won't give my card back!
how can i get my card back out?
the atm machine stole my card.
the atm at metro bank on high st. kensington swallowed my card. how do i get it back?
my atm got stuck and i'm not sure what to do.
the atm ate my card.
the atm won't give me my card back.
my card was confiscated by an atm. how do i get my card back?
what do i do if the atm ate my card?
atm still has my card
what do i do if an atm ate my card?
what happens if the atm doesn't give me back my card?
i can't pull my card out of the atm. help me.
i have a problem!  the atm stole my card!
why would an atm swallow my card?
my card was taken by the atm.
help!  the atm won't give me my card back.
the stupid machine just swallowed my card!! i need a new one asap
how do i retrieve a trapped card from a atm?
my card is stuck in the atm, what can i do?
i was getting cash and can't get my card back.
if my card is trapped in the atm, what do i do?
my card has been swallowed by an atm
i was taking out funds and was unable to regain my card.
what should i do with my atm that got stuck?
the atm at metro bank on high st. kensington didn't return my card. what should i do now that the bank is closed?
the atm won't give back my card
i was at an atm and it swallowed my card.
wtf??? i tried to withdraw some money at a metro bank on high st. kensington and without any notice it disappeared in the machine. the bank was already closed so i couldn't do anything. how do i get it back?
what happens if my card is stuck in the atm?
i got double charged for a payment so how do i fix that?
i've just come back from an eating holiday in the usa and canada and have so many pending and duplicated transactions on my account.  i think there is something wrong, can you look in to it please?
why am i being charged twice fro a restaurant?
i would like to know why i was charged twice for my purchase.
i didn't buy this twice
why was i chaged twice for the same thing?
why is there more then one charge on my card i only paid for one not twice how can i fix this?
i have a duplicate payment showing up on the app. how do i stop myself being charged for the thing twice?
why would i be charged more than once for the same transaction?
i was wondering how i could have two charges for the same item happen more than once in a 7 day period. is there anyway i could get this corrected asap.
can you please check if i was charged twice?
i have been charged twice
it appears that i am being double charged for some items that i have purchased this past week.  please review and correct.
it looks like this week i was double charged for a couple things. is there any way that you can look into this for me and return the double charged items back to my card?
i noticed after looking over my transactions that i have been charged twice from an earlier restaurant visit this week. is it possible that one of these can be removed so i get the money back for the one that is not accurate?
i think something may have happened that caused a charge to show up twice.
why is there a transaction that shows multiple times?
i see what looks like duplicate charges on account.
why was i charged multiple times for the same thing?
i had a duplicate card and got charged twice. how do i resolve this?
hello. i checked my transactions and saw i was double charged on my card for a restaurant visit. i would like to get my money back.
why am i being charged twice?
transactions on my card look really weird. i've been charged twice for a couple things this week! please check this and return the double charged ones.
please check payments on my card. there is a duplicate and i only bought it once.
more than one time this week, i have been charged more than once for the same transaction. please correct the issue and refund the duplicate charges.
a transaction is repeated several times on my account.
i've been charged more than once for the same transaction
my card has been charged two separate times for a single transaction.
can you explain why there is a payment showing twice?
why have i been charged twice for the same transaction?
i see that i have been charged multiple times for the same transaction.
i was double charged
i have multiple charges on the same transaction.
looks like my card payment was duplicated. i went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. app still stays pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
i have a transaction that shows several times
i recently got charged twice from a restaurant that i was at this week and i would like for one of those payments to be removed from my account.
there is more than one of the same transaction on my account.
i have a duplicate payment showing
i made a payment that got charged twice instead of once.
what are my remedies if i think i was charged twice for the same expense?
can i verify the source of my funds?
i want information about the source of funds.
where are my funds being sourced from?
i would like to verify the source of my money
where to funds come from
what is the source of my funds.
i need to verify my source of funds
i would like to see the source of my money.
why do you need all this information about my source of funds?
how can i check the source of funds?
how can i tell where my funds came from?
what is the source of my available funds?
can i find the origination of my funds?
my source of funds need verified.
what information do you need to verify my source of funds?
i need the source of my funds verified. how do i do this?
i need my funds verified.
help me check where the funds came from.
i want to know where the funds come from.
what is the source of my money?
where can i find the source of my available money?
how can i lookup where funds came from?
can i see that history on my funds and where they came from?
i have to verify the source of my funds
how can i view the source of my available funds?
why does my money come from?
i need to validate the source of my funds.
where are my funds coming from? i need to know.
where has my available money come from?
why do you need to know where my money is coming from?
how can i see where my money comes from?
how can i check the source for my funds?
where can i see the source of my money?
what is source of my funds, need to verify
where do my funds come from?
how can i check the source of my fund?
how can i see my source of funds?
how do i become aware of where my funds come from?
where does all this money come from though?
what do i need to do to verify the source of my funds?
what is the number of days i have to wait for my europe transfer?
what is the wait time for a transfer from the us?
i need a fast transfer from china?  how fast will it be?
how soon will i see the transfer in my account?
how many days does it take until funds are in my account?
how long until my transfer goes through?
do transfers from europe take longer?
what is the fastest that i can make a transfer?
how long dies it take for transfers to reflect on my balance
if i started the bank transfer from europe, how long will the process take to complete?
how long until the money is in my account?
when will a transfer reach my account?
when should i expect to see my transfer hit my account?
will my transfer immediately show up in my account?
if i need to do a quick transfer from china, how long should i expect the transfer to take?
when does the money get transferred to my account
how long do i have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
how long does it take for funds to come through the us to my account?
how long is my europe transfer wait?
how many days does a transfer from the us take?
how long do i have to wait for a transfer from the us?
how long is the wait for a us transfer?
how many days until the money will be in my account?
how long does it take for a transfer?
what is the time frame for a transfer from the us?
when will i receive a us transfer
approximately how long will an urgent transfer from china take?
i initiated a bank transfer form europe, how long will this take?
how long does it take to process transfers from europe?
how long does a funds transfer take from one back to another?
what would the approximate delivery date be if i transferred something urgently to china?
i have to transfer something to china as fast as i can. how long will it take to arrive in china?
how long to i have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
how long is it going to take for my funds to show in my account?
how long does a transfer take from the point it's sent, to the point it arrives in my account?
how long will it take for the transfer to reach my account?
if my transfer is from europe how long will it take?
there is an important thing from china that i need to transfer. approximately how long will this take?
how long does a transfer take from china?
when will money be available in my account?
i think my card payment has been stopped
my card payment was reverted.  why?
the app reverted my payment
my card payment was cancelled.
why was my payment cancelled?
i made a payment but the app reverted the payment.
my payment was reverted by the app
hello, my money went through for my purchase but now i got contacted from the seller noting that they didn't receive it. then the money was returned to my account and i'm not sure why this occurred. so if you can resolve this issue please.
please explain to me the circumstances in which my card payment would be reverted?
why has my card payment been cancelled?
what do i do if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
i'm not sure why my account has been refunded a payment for an item i've already received about 2 weeks ago. can you please tell me what is going on?
my card is being declined for a purchase. i bought items before and the card worked. do you know what the problem is?
can you tell my why my card payment has been reverted.
why did the app refuse to make an approved payment
do you know why my card payment was reverted?
my credit card cancelled a payment for a purchase.
why was my payment reversed?
i have a payment listed as cancelled.
i think my card payment had been return
i was contacted by a seller with a message that they never received my money. i am 100% sure it was taken from my account so i definitely need this sorted out soon.
what happens to the funds if a merchant refuses the payment
i am attempting to make a purchase online, but my card is not working.  i know there are funds available, is this an issue on the banks end?
why was my card payment cancelled?
why has my card payment been reverted?
there must be an issue, why has my card been cancelled?
i bought something and the money appeared back into my account? why?
my account shows the card payment cancelled.
i'm not sure why my card payment was cancelled, can you find out why?
what is the reason that my card payment was cancelled?
hi, i would like to file a claim for an inquiry. i am a frequent customer of the company in question and have never had any issue with my purchases, payments, or otherwise. however, the price deducted for an item i purchased a couple of weeks ago has been returned to my checking account. was there an issue with my payment? the item has already been delivered to me.
why was my card payment reverted?
why does the app revert a payment?
i did a payment but the app reverted it
what happens if a merchant doesn't accept a payment?
there was a canceled payment for my card.
my transaction to pay for an item was returned to my account.
someone stopped my payment
if my card payment is cancelled, what should i do?
why has payment been returned?
what kind of cash machines would allow me to change my pin?
where do i change my pin?
is the bank the only place i can change my pin>
if i am overseas, how do i change my pin?
can i change my pin at the atm?
how might  i change my pin?
i would like to change my pin but i am not currently in the country.
i would like to change my card pin.
i want to set a new pin
i desperately need to change my pin, but i'm overseas on vacation right now. how can i do this?
i need a new pin how do i go about that?
is there a location near me that i can change my pin?
in what atm can i change my pin?
i'd like to make a new pin selection.
how do i set a new pin?
how do i update my pin to a new number?
how can i change my tholepin ?
my new pin needs to be set.
i want to choose a different pin.
i would like to change my pin.
am i able to change my pin at any cash machines?
i am travelling for two more weeks but really need to change my pin asap. what do i do?
i need to change my pin. can i do that at a cash machine?
do cash machines let me change my pin?
how do i change my pin?
i need to change my pin.
may i receive a different card pin
what do i need to do to change my pin?
help me set up a new pin?
which cash machines will allow me to change my pin?
i am in austria right now. i need to change my pin asap, so can i still do this from here?
where can i find instructions to change my pin?
i need to change my pin but i am on the road.
how do i update the pin on my account?
i need a new pin.
show me how to change my pin?
please tell me which cash machines will allow me to change my pin.
what steps do i need to take to change my card pin?
how to change the pin on my card?
how can i change the pin?  do i have to go to a real bank?
i've tried numerous times to submit a transfer of funds. why isn't it going through?
i've transferred money before without issue but now i am encountering an error stating that it isn't possible. why is that?
i am not able to do a transfer to an account
i was unable to make a transfer to another account.
i had a transfer blocked
can you please help me with this exchange?  i am trying to get crypto and the app won't let me.
how do i do a successful transfer to an account?
why did i get a message saying that my transfer is not possible?  i have done this before no problem.  please fix.
hey i want to buy some crypto but the app doesn't allow me to! what's the issue, i really want to exchange this
i tried to transfer money but it said it wasn't possible? i've done this before and it worked why isn't it working now?
why can't i transfer to a beneficiary?
i am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
what's the deal with no cryptocurrency on your app?
why isn't my transfer not going through? i keep getting an error message.
what are the rules for transferring to a beneficiary?
can i transfer money to a beneficiery?
i have tried transferring money numerous times.  all i keep getting is an error message.  can you tell me what is going on and how this van be fixed?
i have a cryptocurrency exchange that won't go through. please help me process it.
why wasn't i able to transfer to another account?
the money would not transfer to a beneficiary.
how come i'm not allowed to transfer funds right now? i just keep getting an error message.
i couldn't do a transfer to an account
a transfer to an account was not allowed
why did i receive an error message saying that my transfer was not possible?
explain why i can't do a transfer to a beneficiary.
my transfer to beneficiary didn't go through
why isn't my transfer going through? i get a message saying it's not possible. i've had no issues in the past.
i couldn't make a transfer to a beneficiary!
my beneficiary has been denied, is this normal?
i am trying to exchange crypto and it's not working. tell me how to fix this.
the account transfer i was trying to do failed.
my beneficiary is not allowed, please may i have answer as to why this is?
why couldn't i do a transfer to a beneficiary?
why would i not be able to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
i want to transfer money to a beneficiery. why can't i?
can you help with a transfer to an account
why isnt my account allowing transfers
i want to buy cryptocurrency, but your app doesn't let me. why?
i tried to make a transfer to a beneficiary and it didn't go through
why was a transfer to an account not allowed?
when i made a transfer, there was a fee.  why?
i was charged a fee for my transfer.
is there a reason i was charged a fee to transfer?
why was a charged just for transferring?
i had to pay in order to do a transfer
what is the transfer fee charge?
why was i charged extra for transferring money?
im not paying this transfer fee
i am being charged a transfer fee aren't they free?
what is the maximum i can transfer before i incur fees?
i got 2 transfer fees and i thought transfers were free.
why am i being charged a fee for transferring money?
do charge fees for transfers?
i recently got a new place while i'm staying abroad and have been using this account to manage payments, but suddenly i am seeing fees increase. where are these additional fees coming from?
hi,  please help me, as i have transferred some amount but receiver did not get the same amount. he received a bit less. due to this again i need to transfer the difference.   i have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. now i have transfer the difference of the amount. i think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
why did i get charged for something i bought online? even though it was international, i thought it would be covered.
why were there additional charges when transferring?
i was charged more when i transferred!
is there a transfer fee?
i'm not sure why i was charged an extra fee for transferring funds.
i thought transfers were free, why was i charged a fee?
my receipt shows an extra charge on my transfer, why is this?
i was charged a fee when making this transfer, and i don't think i should have been!
i sent out money, but was charged extra for transferring. why?
why am i seeing a transfer fee?
there was an extra charge when i made a transfer.
i need someone to alert me as to what's going on. i had transferred an amount but the receiver is saying that the amount is somewhat less than what i sent over. i now have to make another transfer to make up the difference.
i was charge a fee for my transfer, why?
why was there a fee for my transfer?
why was my transfer charged fees?
is there supposed to be a fee for the transfer i made?
in the past month i often used this account to manage payments for my new holiday villa. now all of a sudden your fees have increased exorbitantly! don't you have a rewards programme for frequent users?
why was i charged a fee for a transfer?
what extra charges are there?
i know that i am able to make transfers for free.  that was something that i valued.  after i bought something online from abroad i noticed that i got charged a fee?  what is this and can it be removed?
i transferred money and was charged and want to know why.
i was charged for something i didn't expect
i purchased some makeup through a site in china, and i was under the impression that when i make transfers there is no fee.  why am i seeing this fee now?  i am not happy about this at all.
i got charged and extra fee when i transferred money so why was i charged?
can you explain the transfer fee to me?
will salary be received through this?
how can i get paid in a different currency?
can i receive my salary in a currency other than what it is deposited in?
can i get my salary through this?
how can someone send me money?
is there a problem with receiving my salary in gbp?
do i need to choose gbp to get my salary deposited properly?
i get paid in gbp. should i configure this and if so, where?
is it possible for me to get money out in a different currency?
can i use this to receive my salary?
my salary is received in the form of gbp. do i need to do anything specific to configure this?
how do people send me money?
is gbp a supported currency?
do i need to establish i am paid in gbp before a transfer?
salary in gbp has been received, does it need to be configured elsewhere?
how do i get my salary in the account?
what are the ways for others to transfer me money?
what different ways are there for someone to send me money?
what do i need to do to transfer my paycheck to my account?
how can my friend send me money?
can i directly transfer my salary onto here?
can this be used to receive my salary?
is it possible to deposit money in gbp?
i received my salary in gbp. how do i change this to my currency?
how can my friend transfer money to me?
can my friends send me money?
how do i deposit my paycheck to this account?
can i use this account to receive my salary?
can i deposit my salary to this account?
how do i get my salary through this account?
what if i need my salary in a different currency?
i receive my salary in gbp. do i need to configure this somehwere?
do you know if i can use this for my salary?
how do i get my paycheck through this?
can i transfer my salary if it's in a different currency?
can i get paid in a different currency?
is my salary eligible for this?
my salary is in gbp; how can i note this in the app?
can i get paid in another currency?
can i get my paycheck through here?
dont understand why transfer failed
please help me make a transfer. i keep receiving an error and i'm trying to make the initial mortgage payment for a flat i'm buying. what is the deal here?
my transfer didn't work
fix your system. i can't make transfers, i've tried like 5 times already.
tell me why my transfer failed!
my transfer did not go through.
why was i not able to complete a transfer?
can you help me figure out what's happening? i'm trying to transfer money to a friend but it keeps getting returned. i'm not sure what i'm doing wrong.
why did my transfer not go through?
my transfer didn't go through.
i could not get my transfer to happen correctly and was wondering why?
how come my transfer didn't work
i transferred my funds, why did it not go through?
why has my transfer failed?
why did my transfer fail?
why hasn't my transfer been made?
my transfer will not go through.
my transfer keeps failing and i just want to transfer the money can you please make it work?
the transfer keeps failing , i tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, would you please check the issue ?
why would a transfer fail?
what are your policies for card transfers?
is the system down? i've been trying to do a transfer and have failed?
i tried to make a transfer but it failed
why couldn't i complete a transfer?
my transfer appeared not to work.
what is stopping my money from transferring?
hi, i'm buying a flat and i'm trying to get my mortgage to go though. every time i check i simply get an error message. is there any way you can help me get this money transferred over. thanks!
my attempted transfer failed.
i can not seem to make a successful transfer, can you tell me what i'm doing wrong?
please help me as i am continuously facing the issue in transferring money to my friends, as all my transactions are getting failed.
i am trying to make a transfer and am unsuccessful, can you please tell me why?
my transfer did not seem to work.
i've now been trying to do a really standard transfer 5 times already. what's going on, is your system broken or something?!
help me with my transfer
says my transfer can't be completed?
can you tell me why my transfer failed?
why didn't my transfer go through?
i've attempted to do a very standard transfer and have tried 5 times at this point. can you tell me what the issue is? is the system down?
can you provide a reason as to why my transfer did not work?
i tried to transfer money and it did not work.
can i do a bank transfer to put additional money in my account because i am out of money?
i'm out of money, can i add money with my bank?
how do i go forth on transferring money into my account?
i don't understand how to top up my account, can you please explain the process?
i don't understand the money transfer process.
i need to transfer money into my account, how do i go about doing this?
what do i need to do to transfer money into my account?
i don't know what to do. should i transfer funds. my account is out of money.
can i add funds to the card directly from my bank account?
how does tranferring money into my account work?
i need to know how to transfer money into my bank account. please help
i would like to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
when i want to transfer money to my account, how can i do that?
i need to transfer funds into my account. how can i do this?
what are the steps i follow to transfer money into my account?
how can i transfer funds from my bank to my top up account?
i want to top my account by using a bank transfer. how would that work?
how to i transfer my funds into my account?
how do i top up my card?
how can i transfer money from an outside bank?
how can i fund my top-up account using my bank account?
what methods can i use to add money to my account?
i would like to use the bank transfer feature, but i can't find it. can you please give me the details?
how can i perform a dual money transferring from one account to another?
can you explain how to transfer money into my  account for me?
i need to bank account transfer from another account into this one, what is the easiest way that can be done, and what information do i need?
how do i transfer money to my account?
how do i send my account money through transfer?
how do i do an international transfer?
are there ways to transfer money into my account?
i want to transfer from accounts in order to top up. what are the steps necessary.
how does a transfer work?
i would like use the bank transfer, but i don't understand the process, can you please explain, topping up?
i want to use bank transfer for topping up my account. how is it handled?
i checked my account today and it said i was out of money. how do i transfer money into my account?
how can i transfer money to my account?
i would like to transfer funds from one account to another.
i'm trying to transfer money into my account.
i would like to transfer money from my other bank account into this one.
can i use a bank transfer to refill my account?
what all is needed to verify the top-up card?
it wants me to verify the top up. why?
where can i find the top-up verification code?
why do i have to verify the top-up that i started?
can you give me information about verification code?
what are the benefits to verifying the top-up?
how come the verification with the top up
can i verify a top up?
reason i need to verify top up
why do you need code verification for my top up?
where can i find the verification code on a top-up card?
how do i get my top-up verification code?
is it possible to verify a top up?
is it normal to have to verify my top-up or is something wrong?
why does the top-up need verification?
why does top-up need verifying?
is it necessary to verify my top up?
why am i to verify the top-ups?
where's the verification code for the top-up card?
how do i find the verification code for my top-up card?
why is it important to verify a top-up card?
why do i have to verify the top-up?
what is the verification code on a top-up?
i can't find the top-up verification code.
how do i go forth verifying my top-up card?
where do i find the top-up verification code?
how is the top-up card verified?
is there a verification code for the top-up card?
what is the importance of verifying the top-up?
help me find the top-up card's verification code?
i don't understand why it says i have to verify the top-up.
can i verify a top-up and what card is used?
where do i go to get the code to verify the top up card?
the top-up verification code is missing
how do i verify a top-up?
i cannot locate the verification code for my top-up card. please help me.
how can i find the top-up verification code?
i need help finding the verification code for my top-up card.
is there a verification code for top-ups?
what is the necessity of verifying the top up?
would it be possible to get another card?
how many cards can i have for one account?
i want to order another crad
how can i get additional cards?
is there a fee for extra cards?
i need some spare physical cards.
i would like to receive a few more physical cards.
can i have a card after my first one?
how would i go about getting a second card?
i'd like to have another card
if i need more cards, are there any fees?
do you offer multiple cards for the same account?
can i get a spare card for someone else to use?
i need to get some more physical cards.
would i be able to get another card for my account, so i could give one to my daughter?
what is the procedure for getting another card?
can i have a second card?
my daughter would like a card as well, how can we make this happen?
can i give a second card to my daughter?
may i have another card?
is there a fee for sending out more than one card?
can i order extra cards?
where can i get a second card?
i was looking to buy another card today.
i need a few more physical cards.
can i have a second physical card for this account?
can i purchase extra non-virtual cards?
am i allowed to give my daughter one of my cards to use?
may i have a second card?
can i have a card to my daughter?
are there restrictions for ordering extra cards?
how can i get a second card for my daughter?
where do i request another card?
am i able to get a second card?
if you send me more cards, are there any charges?
when trying to get more than one card is there a extra amount that needs to be paid?
is it possible to give a second card for this account to my daughter?
my daughter needs a card. can i give her one of mine that's linked to my account?
my child needs a card, how can i add them to the account i currently have?
my daughter needs a card, how do i add her?
can i top up by cheque?
how do i top-up using cash?
can i top up with a cheque?
is it possible to top up with cash? if so how do i do it?
can you help me find top up by cash deposit?
is there an option to top up a with cheque?
need to deposit a cheque into my account
i'm looking for the cash deposit top up option but can't find it. can you help me?
how do i top up my account with a cash payment?
i'd like to use cash to top up. how do i find that option?
where do i locate topping up with cash.
how do i pay by check?
can i add to my account balance with a cheque?
what type of deposits do you accept into my account?
can i top up using a cheque?
can you top-up a card with a cheque?
i need to top up cash, how do i do it?
i'm looking for the option to top up by cheque.
what locations can i top up with cash?
i want to top up using cash, where can i do that?
is there a way to do top up with cash deposit
where are the options to top up with a cheque on my account?
can i use cash to top up my account?
how can i top up with cash?
will you accept a cheque to top up my account?
how can i top up with this cheque i got?
what methods can i use to top up my account?
is cash good to top up with?
how come i can't find anywhere to load using cash
what can i pay with? does cash work?
how do i deposit cash into my account?
why can't i top up with a cheque?
can i send a cheque to do my top ups?
can i top up my account with a cheque?
i want to do a cash top-up
i have a cheque here, can i use it to top off my account?
i want to top-up using cash
how can i top-up my card?
can i submit a check or cash payment?
do you accept checks?
how do i receive my physical card
i want a card. what is the procedure?
what do you charge for physical cards?
where can i get my card at?
price of physical card
please, how do i order a card?
send me a physical card
i want to order a card. where do you deliver to?
can i request a physical card?
is there a charge for physical cards
do you charge for physical cards
do you ship cards to where i live?
for physical cards, do you charge?
i need to get an actual card so that i can use it for in person transactions. how would i do this?
will i get a real card?
where can you deliver cards?
where are cards delivered to?
please tell me how to get a physical card.
what is the charge for a physical card?
is a non-electronic card available as well
how much does it cost in fees to use your card?
how can i get a physical card
can i get a physical card through this app?
can i have a non virtual card?
how do i get a physical card?
what are the fees to get a physical card?
where can my card be delivered?
what will i be charged for a physical card?
where do i order my card?
what locations can a card be delivered to?
where can i receive my card?
where do you deliver cards by mail?
how can i get a real-life card of my own?
where will i find my card?
if i want a physical card, do i have to pay anything?
where can cards be delivered?
i need a physical card.
what are the fees for a physical card?
how do i get an actual card?
can i get a real card?
why is my disposable virtual card being denied?
my disposable virtual card doesn't seem to work
my disposable virtual card is broken.
my non-physical card will not work
why did the disposable virtual card which i used to pay a gym subscription get denied?
why is my virtual card is being declined?
are there restrictions for my disposable card since it does not seem to be working?
i cannot get my virtual card to work.
i was at the store earlier and my virtual card didn't work. what's the solution for this problem?
my disposable virtual card will not work
i cannot use my disposable virtual card.
can i make multiple online transactions with my virtual card?
why was my virtual card declined when attempting to setup automatic billing?
why doesn't my disposable virtual card work?
why can't i use my virtual card for subscription services?
why isn't my virtual card working?
i cannot make transactions with my virtual card.
for some reason, the virtual card won't work for me.
my disposable virtual card has been rejected by the merchant earlier today. what should i do?
how can i fix a problem where my virtual card is rejected?
my virtual card isn't working. what do i do?
what do i do if my virtual card won't work.
is there a trick to get the disposable virtual card to work?
why can't i get my virtual card to work?
my card is just not working at this time.
my disposable card seems not to be working am i doing something wrong?
my payments from my virtual card keep getting rejected.
my disposable virtual card is not working when i try to use it at a point of sale transaction. what do i do now?
my transaction was just declined when i was using my disposable virtual card. what can i do?
my disposable virtual card is not working
how do i get my disposable virtual card to work?
how come my disposable virtual card used to pay for a gym subscription got rejected?
payments from my disposable virtual card don't work
my disposable virtual card was rejected by the merchant, please help?
my virtual card won't work.
tell me why my virtual disposable card won't work.
i need help getting the virtual card to work.
i was trying to use my virtual card at a merchant and it was rejected. how can i fix this?
how do i make my virtual card work?
virtual card is not working for me
i did not get the right amount of money when i used a different country's currency.
i took out money from a transaction machine and it exchanged the wrong dollar value amount from another currency!
i made a withdraw from the atm this past holiday and it seems like a was charged too much. if i would have   known about these charges i wouldn't have made a withdraw.
can you look to make sure the exchange rate is correct
exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
hello. i'm on holiday and didn't bring any cash with me. i need to withdrawal my home currency from one of your machines. do you have any that will do this and is there a charge?
why was the exchange rate wrong when i got cash
i attempted to get money using a foreign currency at an atm but the rate was highly inaccurate!
why is the exchange rate wrong for my international withdrawal?
a wrong exchange rate was applied to a transaction made abroad.
the exchange rate you gave me for my cash withdrawal is wrong
is there a fee for exchanging cash?
why is the exchange rate so exorbitant? this should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
why was the exchange rate different when i withdrew my cash?
when i got cash, my exchange rate was wrong.
will there be additional costs of i make a withdrawal from a local atm of british pounds? i need some cash to feel comfortable on the journey home
it seems i was overcharged when i used an atm while on vacation. if i knew about your fees in advance i sure would have gone somewhere else.
i checked the exchange rate when i withdrew cash. but the actual rate that you applied was different.
in receiving cash, the wrong exchange rate was used for my transaction.
can i make a withdraw if i am out of country from with out any fees at an atm?
i took out a foreign currency and the exchange rate is wrong.
i feel like too much money was taken during my currency exchange.
there was an error in exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
i need the right foreign money, at the right rate, at atms, when i go abroad.
the conversion rate on the atm that i used with foreign currency was wrong.
why is the exchange rate for a foreign atm different
my cash withdrawal charged me the wrong exchange rate
i withdrew some cash out of the atm over the holiday. it seems that i was charged some outrageous fees. i would not have done that had i been aware of these outrageous charges!
the exchange rate for my withdrawal isn't correct and doesn't match the actual exchange rate.
can you explain your exchange rate policy? i don't think i received the correct amount of cash in my atm transaction.
my ecchange rate was wrong for a cash transaction.
i expected a higher exchange rate when i withdrew money. can you tell me current exchange rates?
the see the rate applied to my transaction was wrong at the atm.
the rate of exchange isn't right for my cash withdrawal.
i took out cash abroad and the exchange rate isn't correct.
i used an atm in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
how do you determine your exchange rates because one of yours was off when i got cash
i used the atm machine to get money out for holiday shopping and saw the outrageous charges. why is that? i would not have used the atm if i had known!
the cash withdrawal exchange rate is not correct.
is there a local atm that will provide british pounds, i have no money for my homeward journey and do not feel comfortable waiting until  i arrive in britain. will a withdrawal involve extra charges?
can i get a description of how to use a disposable virtual card
can i create a disposable virtual card?
what can you tell me about getting a virtual disposable card?
i would like to order a disposable virtual card. how can i do this?
how do vr cards work
what is a disposable virtual card?
i would like a temporary virtual card
how do the disposable cards work?
how do i use a disposable virtual card?
where's the best place to get a disposable virtual card?
can you explain the disposable cards to me?
is there anyway, i can get a disposable virtual card?
i just purchased a disposable virtual card. am i able to use it for online purchases immediately?
how secure is a disposable virtual card
what do i do to get a disposable virtual card?
i want to get a disposable virtual card.
can you explain disposable cards?
how do i get a virtual card for one time use
may i get a disposable virtual card as well?
can i get a single use virtual card
i would like to create a disposable virtual card. how do i go about doing that?
i have a disposable virtual card here, so would you tell me what to do with it?
how does a virtual card work
what is the process of obtaining a disposable virtual card
what does a disposable virtual card do?
when can i order a disposable virtual card?
is it possible to also get a disposable virtual card?
how do i obtain a disposable virtual card?
how would you use a disposable card?
i need a disposable virtual card, how do i get one?
how do disposable cards work?
is there a disposable virtual card i can order?
where can i get a disposable virtual card?
will i be able to get a disposable virtual card as well?
hello! i need to order a disposable virtual card. where can i do that at?
where do i request a disposable virtual card?
can i get a throw away card
how many transactions can i make with a disposable card
what are disposable cards?
what's the process for getting a disposable virtual card?
the app denied my topped up.
heyy i tried to top up with my card today but it failed! i just got the couple days before but it has worked last time. what's going on, can you double check please?
i have a top up that didn't go through.  why?
so, i tried topping up my card for the today. unfortunately, it failed. a couple of days back i used it and it works fine. can you double check and tell me what's going on?
why did the app deny my top up?
please tell me why my top-up failed.
my top-up isn't working.
i attempted to top up but the app denied it.
what reason did my top-up fail for?
why didn`t my topup go through?
how can i check to see if my top-up worked?
my top up didn't work.
my top up failed.
why would my topup not go through?
why caused my top up to not work?
why did my top up not work?
why was my top-up unsuccessful?
my funding to my card didn't go through.
i need to know why my credit card was declined for top up? what is the deal here and why did it not go through?
i topped up but the app did not accept it.
the app denied my top-up
i think my top up did not work
my top up was denied in the app.
can you tell me if my pop-up went through?
can you check why i wasn't able to top up?
how did my top-up fail?
my top-up failed, why?
i tried to top up. why was it denied?
what's the deal? my card was just denied for top up. why is it not going through?
i don't think my top up is working correctly
the app won't let me top up my account
i'm not sure why my top up request was denied
why can't i top up?
my top-up has failed.
problems with top up
i really need money from my card today, but my card is getting declined. please help!!
how do i know if my top up was unsuccessful?
i'm pretty sure my top up failed. how do i fix this?
why isnt top up working
can you tell me why my top up didn't work?
i made a transfer a few hours ago from a uk banking account.  i do not yet see the transfer.  please check on this for me.
the balance on my account didnt change when i transferred money
how long will it take for my transferred money to show up?
why didn't my balance change after i transferred some money?
when will my balance update after a transfer?
how long does it take for an international transfer into my account?
the amount of time that transfers usually take from a uk account is what?i just completed a transfer and it is not showing up at all. i'm wondering at this point if everything is actually okay.
when will my transfer be available in my account.
i didn't get the money i transferred
i just completed a bank transfer and the balance didn't update
i transferred some money but i think it has gotten lost somewhere.
how long does a uk transfer take?
hello i made a bank transfer couple hours ago from my uk account but it doesn't show up yet. can you please check if everything is alright with it?
i made a transfer and am still waiting.
i made an out of country transfer and it hasn't went through yet.
after the transfer, the balance did not update.
could you please check one of my transfer which i made few hours ago from my uk bank account, as its not showing yet.
i had cash transferred but the balance did not change.
i can't see my latest bank transfer
my bank transfer is still not showing up in my account.
i made a transfer and it doesnt' show up in my account.
i transferred some money but it is yet to arrive.
why is my balance the same?  i processed a transfer.
why don't i have my transfer?
why isn't the transfer on my account showing up?
the  money i transferred does not show in the balance.
i have completed a transfer but it is not showing up.
i did a transfer to my account but it doesn't show up
how long until my transfer will be available to me
why doesn't it show that i did a balance transfer?
i made a bank transfer a couple of hours ago from my uk account.  it hasn't appeared, can you check to make sure it went through?
my transfer is pending.
hey, i try to make a bank transfer from my uk account a few hours ago, but it haven't show up yet. please check my account to make sure everything alright with it?
where is my transfer from [country]?
i made a bank transfer and my account balance did not show it.
where is my money? i transfered it and it isn't in my account.
i need to know the time frame that is typical for a transfer from a uk account. i just made a transfer and it doesn't appear. i want to make sure everything is okay.
why doesn't my balance reflect my transfer
my account balance has not gone up even though i just transferred money into it
when will i see my new balance after making my bank transfer?
think someone has took money out with my card. what shall i do?
there is a withdrawal that isn't mind in the app.
i just lost my wallet and i see that they are already withdrawing money from my account. how can i stop this?
i didn't get cash from an atm, but the app says i did
my app shows some cash i didn't get.
why is there a random withdrawal in my app?
there is a suspicious cash withdraw on the account.
i didn't get cash from an atm, but according to the app a transaction was made when i didn't make it.
the app said i withdrew cash at an atm and i didn't
my app says that i received cash from an atm and i didn't.
how do i freeze my bank card, as there has been a strange withdrawal?
i see a cash withdrawal that i did not perform.
i checked the app and saw an extra cash withdrawal that i didn't authorize
i have a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
there's a cash withdraw on my statement that i didn't make.
i think someone is using my card to withdraw money. someone stole my wallet. what can i do? it is urgent.
i am seeing in the app a some cash withdrawal that its not mine
my account has a weird withdrawal.
i'm unsure of a withdrawl in my statement.
it looks like someone else withdrew cash from my account, can you help?
i think i see a withdraw i did not make.
some cash is showing up in my app that i did not get.
there is an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account for 500£.  i definitely didn't make this withdrawal.  i need your help.
the app is showing an atm withdrawl that i didn't make.
there is a odd withdrawal on my account.
i need to cancel my card that got stolen a little while ago. someone has already taken some money out and i don't want them to take anymore. can you please do that?
how do i cancel my card? there are charges on my account that i didn't make.
there is an error, the app says i made an atm withdrawal and i didn't.
can anyone help me, i lost my wallet and they've started withdrawing from my account.
what do i do if i notice a strange withdrawl in my statement?
i don't recognise a cash withdrawal
help!  my wallet was stolen and someone is taking money out.  i need this money!  what can i do?
there is a cash withdrawal transaction that i am unsure of.
i didn't take out money from an atm but my app statement shows that i did. how can i fix this?
someone has stolen my card. even though i have my card with me, someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. please help as soon as possible.
cash i didn't get shows in my app.
there is a problem with my card. somebody has removed money from my account in a town i haven't been to. can you please freeze my account immediately?
there is an atm withdrawl in the app i don't recognize.
a cash withdrawal is showing up that i didn't do.
the app made a mistake and said i made a cash withdrawal.
is there an exchange fee?
whats your exchange rate
what are your currency exchange fees?
where do i find the exchange rate?
what is the base amount for cross-currency exchanges?
my work sends me all over the world, can i get a discount for all the money i have to exchange?
how much more do i have to pay to exchange currencies?
is there a fee for exchanging currencies?
how much does it cost to exchange currencies?
whats the exchange charge
is there any discount for someone that exchanges currencies frequently?
is there a fee to exchange foreign money?
do i have to pay for exchanging currencies?
does it cost extra to exchange currencies?
is there a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
will i be charged a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
how much is a cross currency exchange, and can i check to see if i have any discounts available?
do you offer a discount on multiple currency exchanges?
how much do i have to pay for the exchange fee?
if i want to exchange currency, will there be extras?
if i need to exchange currency is there an extra fee?
i was wondering if there were any discounts offered for frequent currency exchanges?
would i be charged for exchanging currencies?
what is the exchange fee?
does it cost to exchange currencies with this card?
how much you charge for exhcange
are there any extra hidden fees for exchanging currencies?
when i travel, what will it cost to switch for my currency?
how much will i pay to exchange foreign currency?
does it cost money for currency exchange services?
are there extra charges for exchanging currency?
i will need to exchange currencies frequently, will i be able to get a discount?
is there a charge for a foreign currency exchange?
is there a discount for frequently exchanging currencies?
what is the cost for an exchange fee?
will it cost more money if my currency needs to be exchanged?
i would like to exchange currencies, but is there an extra charge to do so?
does it cost anything for exchanges?
can i exchange money from abroad without additional costs?
does it cost to exchange currencies?
is there a fee for using a european bank card to top up?
are there any fees for adding money with an international card?
i was charged when i used a us issued card. why and what cards are free to use to add money
any hidden fees associated with the international card if money is added?
will i get charged for topping off my card?
are there charges for topping up us cards?
are there fees for top ups?
what are the charges for us cards with top up.
is there an additional charge for topping up using a european card?
in exchange for top ups will you take fees?
i just topped off my card will i be charged for it?
how much does it cost to top up by card?
are there any fees if i use a european bank card for a top up?
what are the top-up fees?
how much is the charge to top up my card?
how much can i expect to pay to top up a us card?
what fee is included if i top up by card?
if i use a european bank card for top up, do i get charged?
will there be any extra fees for european bank card for top up?
will i be charged if i use european bank card for top up?
i want to use a european bank card for a top up. must i pay?
will i be charged for topping up by card?
is there a fee for topping up
what do you charge for top ups?
will it cost anything to top up a us card?
does topping up my card have a fee?
are there fees for adding money using an international card
when using a us card, what is the cost for a top up/off?
i need to use a european card for a top up, what will the charge be?
is it okay to use a bank card to top up
any fee for topping up?
are there any fees for top ups?
what are the fees of using an international card to add money?
is there a charge or discount if i use a european bank in a top up?
is their a fee for top ups?
can i top up using an international card
what will happen if i want to add money using an international card? will i run into any fees?
are there any extra fees for adding money into the international card?
what are the fees for top ups?
what are the top up charges for us cards?
could you please activate my card
i need to activate my card can you do that now?
what do i need to do to activate my new card?
tell me how to go about activating my new card?
how can i activate my card so i can start using it?
how long will it take to activate my new card?
what's the right way to activate my card?
i received my new card, how is it activated?
is there a way my new card can be renewed?
how do i activate a card i received?
why can't i activate my card?
what is the process of card activation?
what can i do after the card missing
i got my new card where do i go to activate it?
would like to use my card and need to activate it first.  can you help me do this?
i need help activating my new card.
how to activate card?
please, activate my card
i tried activating my bill of fare and it didn't workplace
i just got my card and want to use it, how do i activate my card?
i have a new card and i want to activate it
assist me please with card activation.
i need help with activating my card
how can i start using my card?
activating my card
when will my card be activated?
how can i activate my card>
what are the steps in order to activate my new card?
how do i go about activating my new card?
what is the activation process on my new card?
i would like to get help from someone with activating my card.
what is the process for activating my card?
how do i use my new card?
i got my new card but i am not sure if it need s activated and how?
what are the steps to activating a new card?
i would like to activate my card to use now, can you help me?
how do i activate a new card?
i just got this card & i don't know how to activate it.
i got my new card. how do i activate it?
what do i need to do to activate my card?
i see some fees for cash withdraw.
how come i was charged extra when i withdrew cash?
why am i being charged when i withdraw cash?
what is this charge on my account for a cash withdrawl?
why are fees charged on cash withdrawals? i went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. there's a fee that wasn't there before.
how come you charge for cash withdrawals? i withdrew cash after buying groceries today, and there seems to be a new fee
it looks like i was charged a withdrawal fee for going to my atm. why is that because i haven't been charged previously for doing so?
do atm cash withdrawals carry a charge now? they've been free in the past, but all of a sudden i have to pay to make atm withdrawals?
why is there an extra charge for money that was withdrawn?
why was i charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
why did i get a fee?
why did my cash get charged a fee that should not be there.
why did i have to pay a fee when i got cash?
hi, i am calling about a recent transaction that has happened on my account.  i recently went to the atm, and tried to make a withdrawal on my account.  i just happened to check my transaction slip and noticed a fee for my withdrawal.  how can i resolve this, i didn't know fees were charged for this type of action.
a fee was charged for my recent withdrawal.
i got a fee for an atm withdrawal.
what is the reason for this fee i got after a simple cash withdrawal?
did you start charging for cash withdrawals? i thought it was free so far but noticed suddendly there is a fee. how much do i need to pay?
is there a fee for withdrawing cash?
i've notice i was charged for withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
why was my account charged for using an atm?
why is there a charge on my account for taking out cash?
an atm fee was attached to my recent withdrawal.
i thought cash withdrawals didn't have a fee
why did i get charged a fee when i tried to obtain cash?
while i was checking out in the grocery store, i realized i needed cash so i requested some.  however, i noticed there was a fee for this transaction.  why did i get charged a fee?
using an atm caused me to incur an additional fee. why?
i was charged extra for a withdrawal
is there a limit on how much i can withdraw from my account without being charged?
i thought cash withdrawals were free? why have i been charged a fee? also, how much is this fee?
more fees, this time for withdrawing my own cash. why are you robbing me?
i have never been charged a fee for cash withdrawal before. when did that change?
i was charged for a cash withdrawal.
why did you charge me for a cash withdrawal?
i took cash and got charged a fee
was charged an atm fee despite it being a small withdrawal on the 1st day of the month. i thought i was allowed 200 per month?
i had a wrong fee charged at this atm.
when i got cash, i'm pretty sure there was a glitch that overcharged me.
my account got charged for taking out cash, why did this happen?
why is there a fee for withdrawing?
am i able to order a new card and have it sent to me in china?
will you be able to send the new card to china?
when my card expires what happens to my account?
what do i do when my card expires?
the expiration date on my card is coming up
my card's expiring, what happens now?
my card is about to expire. what do i need to do?
how long and how much does it cost for new card
what do i do if my card is expiring soon?
how much does it cost to get a new card?  mine is almost expired.  how fast does it come?
since my card is about to expire, what do i do to get a new one?
my card is about to expire and i need to know how much it costs and how long it takes to get a new one.
when my card expires do you send a new card?
what is the next step if my card is about to expire.
once my card expires, what should i do?
i need a new card, my current card is nearly expired.
it appears my card expires next month, can i order a new one?
my card is about to expire. how much does it cost to order a new one and how fast will i get it?
what do i do when my card is about to expire?
i will need to get a new card soon, how do i order?
going to need a new card what are the fees and time it takes
will i need to order a new card since mine expires next month?
when my card expires, will i get a new one mailed to me?
do you have to order a new card before your current card expires?
since my card is about to expire, i need a new one.
my card is very close to expiring. when can i order a new one and how do i do so?
i need to order a  new card, mine is about to expire and i need to know how much it will cost and how long until i receive it.
how do i order a new card before it expires?
can i receive a new card while i am in china?
next month my card will expire, do i need to order a new one?
the expiration date of my card is approaching .
how can i get a new card asap to replace an old, soon to expire one?
i need a new card since my old one is about to expire.
my card is about to expire.
my card is expiring shortly.  how much will it cost for a replacement, and how soon can i get it?
what would the price be for an expired card replacement and how long will it take me to get it?
in china, need new card
if my card is about to expire, do i need to order a new one?
my card is about to expire. how do i get a new one?
i need to know the cost and when i will receive a new card to replace an old one.
is the top up feature available on the apple watch?
can i use the system google pay for top-ups?
my top-up for google pay isn't working
can i add money with apple pay?
can i use my apple watch to to top up?
does apple pay give the option to top up?
top up on my google pay isn't working.
is it possible to top up with apple pay?
do i have to setup apple pay to use it
can i use apple pay to top up?
how can i top up my google pay?
does google play have an app to top up?
i received my american express card, but i am having problems making it work with apple pay.  can you help me with this problem?
is apple pay eligible for top up
why can't i use my american express with apple pay to top up my account?
how do i add money with my apple watch
if i want to top up, can i use apple pay?
can i top up with apple pay
my american express is experiencing a problem with apple play with top up, can you fix it?
my top up is not working in apple pay.
is apple pay a possible top up option?
i don't know how to top up my google pay.
can i top up from my apple watch?
can i use my american express stored in apple pay to top up?
is apple pay costly?
how can i top up with google pay?
i can't top up my account using my american express with apple pay.
i got my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working?
i got my american express in apple bay but top up is not working
how do i top up? can i use my apple watch?
is it possible to use apple pay to put money in my account?
my american express is in my apple pay and the top up is failing, why?
how can i top-ff my account using my apple watch?
can google pay be used to make a top-up
how do i get the top up feature on my apple watch working?
how do i troubleshoot google pay top up?
how do i top up with apple pay?
why isn't my top up working using my saved american express in applepay?
how do i use the top up app with my apple watch?
google pay and top up, i want it, can i get it?
what can i use to verify my identify?
what do you need to verify my identity?
i need to verify my identity, but how do i do that?
how can i verify my indentity?
what is needed to prove my identity?
what do you need for my identity check?
how do you verify an identity?
is there a specific type you need for identity verification?
i got a message that i need to verify my identity; what do i do?
are there any documents needed for the identity check?
what are the steps i need to take to verify my identity?
what do i need to verify my identity
i need to verify my identity
i need some help with identity verification.
what's the process for id verification?
i would like to know how i can verify my identity.
what kind of documents do i need for the identity check?
let me know the steps for the identity checks
what should i do to verify my identity?
what are the steps to verify my identity?
how does my identity get verified?
what things do i need to verify my identity?
what steps do i take to verify my identity?
can i verify my identity online?
do the details of my profile have to match my documents
where do i verify my identity?
when getting my id checked, what are the steps involved?
do i need anything for the identity check?
which kind of documentation do i need for identity check?
how do i go forth on verifying my identity?
what can i do to verify my identity?
what do you need so i can verify my identity?
what do i need to show who i am?
do i need any kind of documentation for the identity check?
what will i need for identity verification?
is there any way to verify who i am?
is there any documentation needed for the identity check?
what all am i required to show for the identity check?
what do i do for the identity check?
what do i need to do to verify my identity?
i live in the us but want to get a card
are your cards available in europe?
can i use your app if i am from the eu?
what countries are supported?
i live in the us can i still get a card?
can i get a card outside the uk?
i'm not in the uk, can i still get a card?
i'm not in the uk, is it possible for me to still get a card?
now that i live in the us how can i get a card?
can i get one of your cards in the eu
can i get a card despite the fact i'm not in the uk?
where do i need to live to get support?
do you support the eu?
how do i get a card if i am in the usa
please help me get a new card, i reside in the united states.
is it possible to get a card if i'm not in the uk?
is my country supported
from what countries can i use this product?
where can i find your locations?
can i get a card even if i live outside the uk?
i am from the eu, can i sign up?
i would like to receive and use the card in europe, is that possible?
what countries do you support?
what countries are you currently in?
what locations are you in?
can you tell me what countries you operate in?
i need a card, but i'm in the us at the moment.
what countries will my card be supported in?
do you have a list of countries you operate in?
in what countries do you do business?
i don't live in the uk.  can i still get a card?
where do you support?
am i able to get a card in eu?
what countries do you currently do business in?
i'm not in the uk, can i get a card?
if i'm not in the uk, can i still get a card?
how many countries do you support?
what countries do you do business in?
what are the countries you operate in.
can the card be mailed and used in europe?
